Disappointed.
Specifically, the bottom of the drawer is thinner than the bottom of the cabinets.
It was easy to put together with clear instructions (I particularly like that they labeled each bag of parts to make it clear which screw went in which hole).
I would buy this again in a heart beat.
The product looks like it could fall apart if you do not screw in the screws correctly.
I needed a basic small table and its exactly what I needed, minus the headache getting it.
Delivery was fast and assembly was easy...just had to screw on the legs.
* The lumbar support is somehow worse than the famed $15 IKEA chair and even amongst many layers of clothing I can feel the recycled plastic trash this chair backrest is made of.
After moving it a few times by myself, the connecting screws are starting to strip out.
One of the front legs is damage.
It is sturdy for the price but not like a full wooden desk.
I would definitely recommend this couch!
Opening the box alone was like taking off the lid to a can of solvent.
Great chair for the price.
I use it beside my easy chair.
After reading several reviews I decided to order.
Base seems cheaper than chair, don't like the rattling sound of rolling on hard floor.
Super comfortable and easy to put together (Took about 10minutes).
This is a good chair, it is sturdy and comfy.
PS I had seen a few reviews mention issues with the hardware backing out/getting loose.
I purchased this table and 10x10 baseplates (qty4) to create a lego table for my son.
I'm very satisfied.
They should at least send 2 guys to move heavy furniture.
The 74" sofa is smaller than a sofa but much more room than a loveseat!
Overall, it seems sturdy as well.
Few months it's gonna start flattening and it's will start to tear in the corners and in about three or four months it becomes and eye sore.
Delivered with broken pieces ,all of the corners were damaged.
Great for the price, as you can see on the picture i have 2 laptops and 2 extra monitors.
It took a couple of hours to assemble two chairs.
But the color was definitely totally wrong!!
This was very simple and the instructions were easy to understand!
The parts are well designed and fit together perfectly.
I had apparently ordered this chair with Prime One Day shipping, with my sick and confused brain.
First, easy to assemble.
After unboxing the chair outdoors due to typical off-gassing smell, I was happy with the outcome.
So far delivery, price to quality, and everything about this chair matches up.
It’s been roughly 2-3 months and the chair already broke I weigh 200 pounds which is way under the limit but the chair is already lob sided it used to be straight now it’s at an angle just poor manufacturing quality.
It’s simple and beautiful!!!
The little mattress seems soft and comfortable and it has wheels so it's so easy to move around!!!
I personally love this desk.
I like the space needed for this item.
It probably took less than 3 mins to assemble.
Good instructions and no missing parts.
Looks very much like wood, and you only realize it's not wood, when you pick it up or move it.
Am a huge fan of amazon basics but this chair could use more R&D It was easy to assemble Came well wrapped The back support is great very important for comfort and health However if you are like me for 10 to 14 hours behind a desk this seat will drive you nuts It's the base that has not been well studied not well centered ...
So, I was a little annoyed to say the least.
It’s a beautiful kitchen island, very good quality and easy to assemble.
Very sturdy, fits perfectly where I wanted it.
Very spacious and very sturdy.
It has been scheduled to be picked up 3 times now (for a defective and useless item that is extremely heavy, bulky, and for which I can’t get all the actual pieces back in the box and closed anyway), yet no one has come to pick it up as scheduled.
I'm 6'5" and weigh 390 lbs and I can plop down on this chair without doing it any damage.
It also has a knob to adjust the level of leaning to the back which I think is very useful.
And one spot looks like some sort off varnish was spilled on it as well.
Based on previous reviews I ordered this to use as my 22 inch all in one computer desk.
It’s very cozy and comfortable and looks great in the space!
I guess I should have expected this.
It was better than I expected for the price.
First off, chair came stained on the seat which was off-putting.
I've had it for 2 years now and the drawer and doors are holding up well.
Had actually been considering this couch for a year, but I guess was never home enough to finish the purchase.
I just received my chair today and I am extremely pleased with it.
So if the small thing don't bug you and you don't mind spending an extra $100 than its worth than I would strongly recommend it.
Also, the cushions are now almost flat and no longer have much "cushion" to them.
Easy to put together.
gorgeous side table.
It took us about 40 minutes to assemble but thats because we had a little “helper” with us :) I love this brand and would recommend to others!
Just great for a small room check measurement
The set up is quick, took me around 20-25 minutes.
It is a great work bench!!
Came with easy-to-understand instructions and was able to be put together in 15 minutes without any help.
Amber asked for order details advising they would check for replacement.
More of a bluish grey.
They were so cheap and so cute!!!
It is very easy to assemble and got the tools necessary within the package.
I had to loosen a couple of screws in order to get it all to fit together right and then tighten them at the end.
Not with the price as it was so cheap or hassle to dis assemble and return
Excellent quality for the money and very sturdy.
The bolts look long but by the time they go through the assembly, very little of the bolt actually screws into the leg.
Not the fanciest chair but..
Good thing it it foldable because it is not good to look at.
Support areas are weirdly constructed... Wood is okay quality.
Searched and even went to the company website directly.
It's good to look at, not so much to sit on.
Wanted to show how we made it a two person desk.
Chairs exactly like this one go for over 100 dollars at target and Walmart (I did some shopping around before I chose this one).
Look at the picture shown.
For the price it good value.
Very well made
Perfect size but it came a bit damaged :(
Falling apart about a year after my purchase.
The book includes a QR code that takes you to a one minute YouTube video that is somewhat helpful.
It's doing the job well.
I would not recommend anyone buy this chair.
The final straw came in the way the chairs are designed.
The drawers are not so go good
I was impressed with the quality of this chair.
Great quality.
I do not see how the material could hold up after assembly, seems the weak boards and hardware would just crumble.
Very comfortable to sit on - nice lumbar support.
My daughter in law and son love it great crib easy to install.
So far it is comfortable.
The arm rests are cutting into my thighs.
As someone who sits down a lot this was important to me, I don't even know if I will like it, but I still did not receive it.
Lastly, the table itself is like a high quality butcher table.
Ordered four chairs and a table.
Really great product for the price.
Got the 89in couch in slate gray and it was perfect for me.
Plus a lot more comfortable than my last chair.
Think Ikea furniture and you're probably on the right track.
I suppose you can try telling your 18 month old, "Now don't put your fingers on those four pieces...." and see what happens.
Now to see if it's a quality product and lasts but for now.
With lumber support almost fully extended, and a very slight recline, I can work all day without discomfort.
I got this little cabinet because I needed something to hide all the cable boxes and modem in a small space.
Would rate higher but the seat is very firm and not terribly comfortable.
This table requires no tools to assemble; there are self-tapping screws built into the end of each leg, making assembly as simple as twisting them on.
If you were to use that style of mounting bracket, you would need to account for the thickness of the desktop and the thickness of the metal frame.
If you want to sit on it for awhile and watch tv, the only way to really do it comfortably is to grab a pillow and blanket and lie down on your side.
I would not purchase this particular mattress again.
MUST PROVIDE YOUR OWN SCREWDRIVER.
It’s all assembled with an Allen tool with can get annoying.
am glad that I got his new chair and tie is awesome and which I am looking for.
I didn't fairly estimate how small this would be.
Reasonably attractive.
The chair is very comfortable and functional.
It looks really nice and works well and it's a lot quicker than I expected it to be.
I am not a chair expert but this is a really nice chair.
See picture.
Very satisfied.
I will say this doesn’t detract from the overall appearance.
My husband seems content so far with the padding, but it's only been two weeks and his chair squeaks some.
We'll eventually probably add a shelf so that the space won't be wasted, but otherwise, I'm very happy with this desk.
The armrests are hard plastic, would like to see some sort of softer material used instead.
I'm impressed with the quality.
This chair works well in a bedroom, adding that mid-century warmth and comfort, for relaxed reading with tea or coffee.
This desk is awesome!!!
The glass door gives it some pizzaz, plenty of work space to boot!
My issues with breathing and allergies have increased with working from home full time.
Gave it a 4 because it’s uneven.
Too much hassle to do right.
You are literally getting what you pay for with this product.
Item was as described and the measurements were correct.
I'd be playing a game and start to notice that I was sinking.
C) Box is low quality and the materials are poorly packed.
Will update down the road.
Got everything together and the last piece That does on the Left couch end that makes the arm rest  doesn’t fit.
It runs a bit small in size I think because I found myself totally comfortable in this chair but my husband was a bit uncomfortable sitting in it for a longer time.
Everything is 1/2  particle board, it's held together by plastic sliding clips not bolts.
This is fine for a kid's room, nothing more.
I ordered 2 of these.
It looks great and one of the best additions I’ve made to my home office.
The front of the top portion came damaged, but I'm a guy and I can live with it.
So far it's holding my printer wonderfully .
I share a master bedroom with my daughter and it fits perfect in the corner space where I have it at!
Easy to assemble, sturdy and very, very comfortable!
Very easy to assemble.
Great price for this table, the lift mechanism works great.
It was super easy to put together!
Specifically, we wanted space to have monitors to connect our laptops to as well as a place to put the printer.
I'm frustrated because I'm only 5'9" and this chair is still too short for me.
My kids use it to do their work and play on it so it's more durable than I would have thought.
If they can fix the shipping damage issue It'd be perfect and 5 stars.
Easy to wipe and clean and extremely lightweight.
Overall, this is a great study table with plenty of space!
Would recommend to anyone needed SMALL desk.
I thought it was my floor, but it's the chair.
As stated in the description, it's PU and not real leather, but it is really well done PU, I must say.
The only problem is that, at least for my size, the lumbar support is too high and does not function as a lumbar support at all.
This is not a desk, of sturdy quality, so this won’t be a forever desk.
I have two paras in my classroom this year and wanted each to have a comfortable chair while working with the students (I didn’t want them taking mine, lol).
However my main concern is that it has a tendency to tilt over when I lean forward if the legs aren't turned just perfect to support the weight.
Overall, I'm extremely happy with the purchase and would recommend this table to anyone who needs extra work space in their office, or just a table to put a computer on.
I grabbed my tape measure before ordering and EVERY DIMENSION in regards to the table height, and seating height is PRECISELY THE SAME AS MY 6 PERSON OVAL SOLID OAK DINING TABLE HEIGHT FROM FLOOR TO THE TABLE TOP.
The wheels don’t seem to roll as easy as expected, it’s like a carriage at the supermarket with a locked wheel.
Thanks for great product for the price.
I appreciate the quality service I received despite the mishaps.
It does have some stains on, but I haven't really tried removing them, according to the manufacturer it should be easy with the cloth that I purchased so I will try it out and see what happens.
Fits my 6'2" frame.
Nice and solid, easily adjustable, nice wide space.
I am impressed with this piece of furniture.
But other then that I’m super happy with it.
The wheel is smooth and steady enough to hold in the place.
Once assembled, this desk is flimsy.
I placed the table in the breakfast room off the kitchen.
It is smaller than I expected it to be, for sure, but it actually worked to my advantage because my apartment is also small.
Had scuff marks on top, but I had paint pen to take care of that.
(I think they use marine glue on them or something!)
Package came wrapped in bubble wrap so it was protected well, color was spot on, and all pieces were accounted for and assembled just as they were supposed to.
2 - The table is made of fiberboard, meaning its not the sturdiest thing ever.
The only thing is that it's a little smaller than I would like.
For the price it was a good deal.
Odd thing to use it for, but works perfectly.
It is also difficult to keep clean, but I knew it would be when I got white, so I have to make sure I wipe it down every day or as soon as I get something on it.
Awesome table for gamers.
Its also just large enough to serve its purpose but takes up minimal space.
That doesn't work well at all.
It was so well packaged.
PROS: ~Easy To Assemble ~Sturdy ~Looks Nice ~Offers Adequate Work Space Without Being Cumbersome ~Affordable ~Sleek Design Overall, a great desk.
Everything else looks fine I just can’t put it together.
or a two pack for $96.
It took me and my daughter about 10-15 min to put together.
HOWEVER, at 5'9" I find the extended ottoman section too short.
I had no complaints about it when I got it.
Kind of hard for me to put together by myself, but it was doable and I didn’t need any extra tools.
It can be used whenever I feel tired of working and was in need to lean back and rest.
Now I am going to end up paying double, because nobody in their right mind would use this chair, so I am going to get a Semi-cheap chair from costco or steal my husbands $600 dollar chair :).
This table is perfect for my apartment.
Overall five stars all the way!
Recommendations they add a cross slat back of bed below headboard rocks left to right quit easily, so I added one now super sturdy.
Still, don’t let that discourage you from buying this, I weigh 140 lbs and this chair still has plenty of cushion even after a year and a half of usage.
Overall we are very pleased with it.
But for them, it's a lot of fun.
Very easy to follow the guide and put together.
Has a lil weight to it.
The screw will do the rest.
After using for 3 weeks I noticed white dots on leather it.
Maybe they can upgrade to something not quite so messy?
Nothing fancy, but it was decently comfortable.
but one day i was looking through a magazine and found a lovely picture of a end table holding a flower pot.
absolutely love my chair!
You could not find an easier setup, it took 2 minutes to get out of box and setup.
Updated review: 1 month after purchase and continual use the chair makes a creeking sound when moving around in seat.
My wife works from home and she loves this chair.
easy assembly, good value & sturdy, what more do you need to know
If we could return this thing we would but it’s completely built and taking it apart would be a huge project.
I bought two of these desks to make a T -shaped work space and it is awesome
It makes you lean forward too much.
I really recommend it!
This deck will work for my teenage daughters to do school work on.
I started working remote for my job and needed to duplicate what I had at work (sort of) at home.
It took very little time to put the table together and it's withstanding cats jumping on and off with no problems.
this is what I call a computer chair.
I first got one.
I also like the adjustable armrests.
The top piece is nice and thick (was kinda surprised actually), the support columns are reasonable, but the side panels are about as thick and flimsy as the cardboardy tack-on back covers for cheap bookshelves and entertainment centers.
Me parece que está muy costoso para como es el comedor en su calidad y tamaño
Wish they would make a file cabinet that goes with it.
Need 2 people as well.
One of the chairs were defective but they sent another one out to me within a week.
Very comfortable and worth the money
Great quality and great value!
Great mattress for the price.
It only took about 15 minutes total.
I was worried but all my sides lined up neatly with no gaps!
If putting next to a normal twin sized bed this will be small.
Bought this cheap chair hoping it will be as good as the other cheap Amazon Basics chairs I have bought before but its not anywhere chose to it.
I am not very handy and was able to put it together by myself in about 30 mins!
It's very sturdy, and the colors look great in person!
I needed it for school and I added my other one to the side so I could have more room lol.
The return policy is ridiculous for an item with a 5 year warranty, and the oversight of not including correct hardware ought to be remedied.
It's not the most comfortable chair ever, but it's better than sitting on the floor.
Matches my coffee table I purchased shortly before these and the wood is beautiful!
On average i spend 6 hours / day at least for a year as I mentioned.
Put these on my couches to protect them from my dog.
Just what I expected.
I am very disappointed in this product and the company who doesn't stand behind their products.
As advertised, works on futon, not very deep
Such a good char I bought a second one.
Has truly been great and very functional for my kitchen.
Great product.
I contacted Amazon and they asked me to ship back the entire desk; that wasn't happening as the entire box had been destroyed and I was not about to go out and buy a new box just to get one piece.
Cons, it won't give/lean back as much as I hoped.
This is just the right size for my kitchen and has enough space to hold my baby brezza formula machine, coffee pot and blender on top.
Please note that this is why I have included an adjusted third photo with the pillow of how it is supposed to be placed.
See pictures of roku remote for reference.
This is a fantastic table, great price and very sturdy.
Broken within less than 3 months of ownership.
Super simple to assemble—you just need to stick on a few feet and turn four screws to attach the keyboard tray.
I started sorting the boards and checking for any major damage.
They look very simple and very sturdy!
Recommended
Easy Assembly.
Never buying anything from this company again and telling all my friends/coworkers who are wfh to avoid this brand like the plague!
10/10 would recommend
To fix the legs I wrapped them in bubble wrap.
After 6 weeks the cushion looks and feels like I've been using the chair for years!
The directions give you a URL for a video tutorial, but the person does it so fast that it's not even remotely helpful.
I put the chair together myself in under 30 minutes.
Perhaps that's why they're so smug over there.
They were packed very well with no damage to the outside of the boxes or to the tables themselves.
We were in hurry to relocate my office in home and this computer/printer table was so easy.
I paid 17 dollars for this and will say that for the price, it's pretty much what I expected.
As to the coffee table, it’s very solid and perfect for my little flat.
No screws or parts.
Too much hassle to return so ill just put something to cover the scratches
I’ve had it for weeks now and it’s working great!
Very sturdy and easy to assemble.
The cushions are really comfortable the fabric is really soft and in my opinion it was totally worth the money.
I did it by myself in under 30 minutes.
I love the fact that I can plug my phone etc into the included electrical inside the unit.
Used in a guest room and is packed full of books.
This coffee table is so incredible for the price!
Only had couch for a month and the springs are breaking, the legs are broke, definitely not worth the money very unhappy with this purchase!
This desk is large with plenty of space.
This is a low cost office chair that functions and doesn't look bad.
Easy To assemble and fits nicely next to my bed.
If youve never assembled ikea stuff, this will be especially challenging as the directions are just a mess and assume you know what they are referencing and it would have been very helpful to have all the screws and parts labeled-they aren't so if you don't know the mm of a screw, you're kinda guessing-lame!
This chair works great.
Good and sturdy.
Assembly took two five hour periods, one each day.
A little late on the review....
It's a little smaller than I thought it would be, but it's fabulous.
This chair is not as expected.
I got two of them and used them as side tables on each side of the bed.
They were pretty prompt in keeping in touch with me via text message.
So...I bought this chair before the official announcement of our company asking folks to work from home.
Great purchase.
It’s a little snug and would’ve been off with a padded cushion.
Works great if you buy a revolving char with it.
I have a Keurig, Keurig K-cup drawer, and a few of my protein powders I put in my coffee in place of creamer.
My little angle can see me and feel safe to sleep better.
The photo looks darker in color like almost a grey.
They would not go into the slots no matter how much force I used.
I was very surprised how firm it works.
The instructions estimate one hour for assembly with two adults working.
Slightest bend results in damage and came with 7/8 J screws.
You get what you pay for.
I had a feeling it would happen too but I forgot one night and fell asleep with water by the bed and woke up to a ruined surface.
God for smaller spaces but some screws are not easy to fit in .
I will say it’s best use is for people who aren’t gamers, who sit for 8+hours a day.
Barely 2 days after assembling the chair, I managed to crack the right side armrest as I was shifting my weight to correct my posture; I barely weigh 155lbs and the armrest didn't even bear my full weight before buckling.
It provides a good amount of air circulation so my back doesn't get heated up during this season of the year.
Nothing came broken all pieces were included.
No issues with scratches, easy to assemble and otherwise a great table.
There is a lumbar support cushion installed on the chair that I think works well.
I'm pleasantly surprised by this product.
After putting table together found numerous scratches and dents.
It's not high quality but for the price is great!
Installation is much simpler than imagined!
The white top has a texture.
Seriously, EVERYTHING about this is straight even the paper backing underneath the table - exactly placed - I usually don't see this precision on expensive pieces.
If you’re looking for a sleeper bed Mattress ignore the negativity buy this one!
The features of the chair are great, but if you take the plunge on this, I recommend getting something to protect the seat, and be ready for the padding under your tush to deflate.
The screws that are provided are way to short in order to attach the back rest to the chair.
Took almost a month to receive tho.
Remember, you get what you pay for.
Not a great experience.
Once the desk arrived, it was indeed very easy to put together; we didn’t run into any issues snapping the desktop onto the frame.
For regular use, these are junk.
A chair pad solved the problem.
This has been a great chair for our home office.
I use this with a queen sized GhostBed.
My other complaint would be the lack of rigidity I felt it had.
The chair assembly was easy.
-Finish and quality of the wood/particle wood is good.
The color is black so I think light colors don't have this problem.
I was actually hoping it was teal as I wanted a pop of color in the living room.
fast delivery and easy assemble
I received this item yesterday the Box was kind of crushed at the top.
great product
Looks great against a lighter wall.
Overall, this chair is a pretty solid
I am happy with my purchase.
For the people who think the assembly is too difficult, it might be a patience issue.
I should have listened to other reviews about the finish.
I chose to replace it with another chair.
Seat cushion is firm, back is standard mesh supportive.
I’m 6’ and fell comfortably sitting or standing.
Bought the desk to replace one that was broken in transit during a move.
It’s what gives the table it’s weight.
Wasted 2 hours trying to put it together, and I still don't have a table.
Only complaint is that the chair is noisy / popping sounds from tension or adjusted knob or perhaps the wood for seat.
There is not that much space.
I get they are a good price point, but they still shouldn’t be damaged.
There are memory settings and the quality is good.
Perfect for my simple office.
Yes it slides under my desk but my wrists are too low to type on the keyboard.
Easy to move up and down.
I have similar tables from Ikea that cost $7 they are more sturdy than this product.
The only complaint I have is the wheels don't work well on carpet at all-- even really short, tight carpet.
The only part where it has a stronger smell than the rest is the headboard.
I liked it after it was installed, but it took me about 3-4 hours to install.
It's not too bulky as to get in the wall, but is big and comfy enough that they don't mind sitting on it for any length of time.
Completed inside 90 minutes.
I am so pleased with this purchase.
The cord management netting underneath is not very good at all so was a little disappointed in that.
We have ours positioned cardboard out and it looks fine.
Holds 2 computer monitors with room to spare.
I would highly recommend not buying this if you don't have power tools as a lot of the pieces don't come well prepared.
I like the back support on the chair.
Recommend getting a longer table if using 2 monitors.
The only thing I would change is the support under the seat and the arm rest to go up and down since they are to low as is.
Room for appliances underneath.
My old review from when I bought it This chair is very good and comfortable, you can only adjust its hight, but I really like it My update review: The cushion has gone completely flat, My back hurts when I sit on it, I wish I spent a little more to get a durable chair
Very easy to put together just alittle time consuming.
After several months, the wooden board in my chair has broken on one side It was nice while it lasted, but now its become dangerous to use, i removed several pieces of broken wood from inside the chair, that could have been dangerous.
Strong tables nice to look at.
The desk for the price is perfect for a 10x11 bedroom, with a twin bed room.
This chair is the only desk chair I’ve ever purchased so it’s hard to compare to others but I absolutely love it!
After looking at reviews on amazon and other retailers I was unable to find something under 100$ that looked comfortable and I didn't want to spend more than that on a chair that I would use for 3-4 months.
Solid and good looking desk.
My husband  and I use it everyday.
The table is quite solid.
I have not idea where to another box to ship it back and I have to pay to ship it back.
To get the wheel to fit I had to sit there with sand paper and sand off the excess paint.
It’s comfortable and the perfect height for our sofa.
It's smaller then a twin which would have been to big anyways.
The construction is terrific.
I got my package very quick, I ordered on a Thursday (I think) and it was suppose to arrive on Monday but it arrived Saturday instead.
To let everyone know and make it easier for you assemble the arms & there top together first & then attach to the seat.
(And the immense weight of the desk.)
I assembled both in under 15 minutes, and I’m no handy man lol.
Lots of room and looks nice and clean
Love this chair so much!
If I knew then what I know now, I'd skip this table.
I would highly recommend this company and this chair :) The replacement has no issues and I assume the initial issue was a rare flaw in the construction of the arm itself- something to look for but definitely not a deal breaker with the support GTRacing provides!
However, the outside is very strong and it looks amazing.
This is very very comfortable chair.
Relatively easy to assemble too!
It was easy to assemble and very sturdy.
I would definitely buy it again or recommend it to a friend.
It was super easy to put together and my Husband did it in less than an hour.
The mesh backing provides a nice back support.
It feels sturdy enough and it's useful.
Love this table.
And while this is a fairly simple assembly, it is also not an easy build.
Pros: -was easy to assemble, took me 30 mins - the pink color was nice
Also, use coasters or the liquid will create marks.
I was able to put it together in about 15 minutes and I have been using it ever since.
Main thing is DO NOT over tighten your screws.
This was supposed to be a Prime order and arrive in 2 days, and yet it delivered 11 days later.
I’m not upset with the purchase but I wish I looked around more and got something else.
Assembly was ok, I had to redo a couple steps, because the directions weren't super clear, but I figured it out.
And whatever you do dont sit on the edge of the cuahions it will forever be dented in.
Bought this chair for my wife's office.
WHAT IS UP WITH THIS!?
Imaging if you had to pay for the shipping!
It’s a step above cardboard.
The wood on the bottom of the bottom shelf is a bit flimsy and I cannot see it holding over 7lbs worth of stuff inside without risking that it would break.
Finally found a product that is truly easy to install.
Thank you amazon!
This is a quality cover in a great dark red color.
I would buy these unless you needed them for displaying very few light items.
The raising and lowering is spot on, even while sitting.
I almost gave it a 4 rating.
Nonetheless, some questions still seem to be left unanswered, especially with all the products items listed under the same page.
used for media/game room.
So this is the cheapest chair that was close to what I wanted.
I was assembling it and it broke down.
Support - there's plenty of it.
when I receive, there is a big hole on the side of the sofa!
I have the red and black one.
Assembly was easier than I thought.
I love this work bench.
Thanks for making a great chair.
The only thing I wish I could change is buying the 5 year warranty.
I ordered two tables I like them.
Super high build quality.
Nice but does not adjust height very well
The assembly is pretty straightforward but the guide is poor in explanation.
The other two I have by the sofa are great.
Terrible product.
Rolls on carpet and my rug.
But I don't expect it to last long.
The color of the table top is NOT anything like the photo.
And so, it’ll do but that’s about it.
The chair's two plastic support on the lower end is NOT comfortable at all.
This was a wonderful find and was pretty easy to put together.
If the one piece top is important then for $10-$15 you can get a 1/8" piece of fiberboard or masonite to go over the top.
Took no time at all.
Easy to build, had a few hiccups with some (5) bad screws.
Would recommend.
I've included pictures of both.
The different sized allen wrenches that the instruction manual referenced were included.
We are very satisfied.
this thing killed my back.
Just as pictured.
I ordered one and it was damaged in delivery, however they replaced it within days and it didn't cost me a thing.
It's taller than a standard end table honestly I think that would be too low for my needs.
My executive chair fits under nicely.
When I opened the box, a guy got more excited than a blind elk in rut.
There are some gaps where the cushions meet against the back cushions.
The pillow backs and chaise cushion come vacuum sealed and take a couple days to fluff up.
I've tried a number of things and finally arrived at a thin Thermarest pad, a pad sold as a seat cushion for use while camping.
I just received this desk and it was broken, sawdust everywhere.
She loves it!
Unfortunately it was a gift and the recipient did not want to complain.
It has leveling screws on both legs that allow you to level it to uneven floors.
I was looking online and saw so many chairs that are in the $300 plus range.
I heard some unpleasant yelling and it was brought up for days after, but my mother-in-law approves of these chairs as well, stating how comfortable they are.
Between the gaming, reading and researching things, watching TV, movies and other media; I'm planted at the computer.
After a long day sitting there, we still didn’t feel pain.
Could be a little bit more sturdy, it will wobble some of you put pressure on it.
DRAWBACKS -Arms did loosen after about a week, had to tighten.
It's 14 inches off the ground, plenty of storage room underneath.
It can fit two people as a couch.
- took me 1-2 hours alone (it was difficult because you needed to hold the chair in one position while screwing down a screw while the chair is upside down which is hard to do alone).
I am so happy with this!!
I suppose we shall see.
Everything fit together nicely.
I was hesitant before buying the chair, but now after seeing with my own eyes, I am very pleased and happy that I purchasing AmazonBasic Mid Back Mesh Chair.
This may, or may not bother you.
Especially how they stayed in place when you stand up so they don't have to be re-positioned.
Very sturdy
It fits all my devices on it easily and I love the wood grain with black steel look!
My husband and I both work from home and on multiple occasions he has tried to steal it!
Chair was very short.
I use it in my massage room entry for my clients to place their belongings on (and use the bottom shelf for tissues).
Great chair!
UPDATE** After about a week of usage, this chair is hurting my lower back wayy too often to the point I went back to using a regular steel chair
I had originally bought an Arozzi Arena Desk and it was a lot more expensive than this and recieved well phrase, however the desk came with missing parts, the frame wasn't even authentic.
So far this has been a great chair.
This is my 3rd time buying an office chair in 6 years, and so far this one is the best, as far as comfort and functionality.
I believe this fabric is actually called Peyton Pearl.
Overall, theres better chairs out there.
Manufacturer might think of beveling these edges in future designs.
Joints and nail falling apart.
I got this for my art/work area.
First impressions: Sofa was delivered within 5 business days after I placed my order.
Can be broken easily, but again for the price you can't beat it.
In fairness for the review I should state that while I really like this chair.
The seats are very firm, which I like but most don't so keep that in mind.
i chose to use bench as sitting while putting on shoes.
I simply wanted a table that held glasses and dishes for me and company while watching television.
We are small people, short and petite.
It was a little complicated to assemble, but anyone who's handy won't have a problem with it.
The slats didn't feel super strong, but it seems just fine for appliances or food.
Either way, I’m satisfied with it.
Down side is they are really short.
Update August 18, 2020: I still love this chair very much!
They are lightweight but very sturdy.
Love it otherwise!
The desk took about an hour for me to assemble alone, and could have been cut down to 15 minutes had I both had a partner and followed the directions more closely.
Not bad at all for the price.
There are better chairs out there.
Chances are, they’ll hit you for a few more dollars the next go ‘round.
Fits perfectly into the corner of my office
It's definitely heavier duty than I expected, it's pretty solid.
I’m using it inside with a plant on top.
Finally the arm rests are so low they are unusable.
Love the beautiful contemporary design.
It's also a great price.
The only thing I don’t like is that the back of chair is not close enough to sit back if you are shorter.
This is pretty extraordinary for an inexpensive piece of furniture.
They are small and have storage, however, they are extremely dark and do not compliment my decor.
You don't need any tools other than what they provide.
The desk is great overall.
packed very well for shipping, box is heavy.
I've put together several pieces of furniture, and the ease of putting this bed frame together was a  breath of fresh air.
That's the most import part.
packaging, and ease of assembly.
Very sturdy desk, lots of space on it.
It looks great
This is the chair for you!
My knees are literally bleeding thanks to bumping in to the silly wood piece they have you install.
Definitely get what you pay for.
Bought this for my wife to use in her office.
Seat cushion solves the excess lumbar issue.
Took about 30-45 minutes to assemble.
Just too much trouble to prepack and return.
I still love it though!
I had no issues with building it, and the packaging along with smaller parts and instructions were organized clearly.
Looks like very good quality.
Overall sturdy for the amount you paid for it.
The other chair that i had was giving me a backache, but this has great lumbar support.
Yay simplicity.
This is my 1st table purchase and I'm happy with how much space it gives you having the corner piece while also not taking up too much of my room space.
I got two of these for a small office.
The lock doesn't work at all.
Really nice looking piece but very stiff and uncomfortable.
I have not had to retighten any of the bolts since the original assembly.
We wanted to have something to put on the couch to help make it look nicer.
Back support is good it rocks back and forth or you can lock it.
A bit smaller than I thought but it’s really ice for my small apartment!
Installation was a breeze.
Overall worth the money
The design is what I was hoping it would be.
It goes great with my light-colored office setup and I'm very happy with it!
There was one part in the picture directions to screw in 50 percent to make room for the back.
This chair is really cute, I’ve gotten tons of compliments.
I also wish the hole for the cords was on both sides instead of just one.
Otherwise this is a good piece for the low price!
Based on the problems "right out of the box", I would never order from this company again.
Wasn't sure about the quality because of the great price but I was very surprised!
When you attach the bottom part of the seat, don’t tighten the handles.
My 6’3” husband’s shoulders were on the poking sides that ident upward and he couldn’t sit back comfortably without those sides digging in his should.
Directions were clear and concise.
Bought these shelves to store my favorite books and decorative items.
The support is great.
But not all the screws go all the way into the predrilled holes/threading.
All of this and the bed looks fantastic at that.
This assembles in a minute, and when I'm done it disassembles just as quick and I can slide it right under our queen size futon bed.
I love the shape, color and comfort.
There's nothing on that side of the desk that adds a lot of pressure.
It is responsive to the up/down motion.
I have tile floors and don’t want rollers.
My advice..keep looking for one until you find the right desk.
Strong,simple and stylish
Overall, I'm extremely pleased with this frame.
It was what I expected.
I mainly use it for my laptop and game consoles, so it's perfect for me.
It is very firm which is what we were looking for but I think some might find it too firm.
I took this one and I think it’s super comfortable.
But I am very satisfied with all the other things about this product.
After it was all put together it ended up being very sturdy and looks great!!
I wanted desk of simple design and clean lines, and this one works for me.
This is a good size and comfortable chair which took maybe twenty or thirty minutes to assemble.
I’m satisfied with my product, I would recommend.
We started putting this together and it was going together so well until we realized we had put a screw in wrong.
Buy something less rickety!
works well and fits well , could be hard for one person to assemble ,but can be done
Not so comfortable, not so sturdy, I am 5'9" and the chair's headrest doesn't line up properly..... MEDIOCRE.
She did it un about 30-40 mins.
Its absolutely gorgeous!
Easy to assemble.
It has all the features of a much more expensive chair.
If you have a pickup truck, or a friend with one.
We both live it.
if you want a good no-frills desk to work on, this one is not a bad choice
There were no scratches or damages to the item for which I was very pleased.
I love this!
Easy to assemble, the chair is actually comfortable to sit in.
It’s deep as well and a little hard to get out of.
Love the quality and look!
Loved how compact the set is!
Broke after a few weeks.
very bad very bad chair.
The problem with the chair it is replacing was that with my knees against the seat my backside would not go all the way to the back.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Original review: I bought 2 of these, they are really nice chairs.. they look nice and are very comfy, very nice for the price.
Very uncomfortable, wife wanted something that looked similar to her work chair and said this one was as close to it as possible.
When I opened the box, hundreds of beads fell off the top of the box lid.
Sturdy, easy to assemble.
There is basically no cushioning or support.
The chair assembly was a little difficult because the instructions booklet that came in the box wasn’t very clear at all with very bad broken English and sentences that didn’t make sense at all(shown in the pictures below) and for some of the steps, they basically repeated the same statement about not tightening the bolts all the way🤦‍♂️ A YouTube video actually helped me better than the instructions in the box.
I was able to assemble the chair is around 10 minutes
After fixing this chair has been awesome and would recommend it to everyone who is looking for a nice gaming chair
This couch is very cute and fits in perfectly with my small space.
But at $99, you get what you pay for I guess.
The material is soft and I’m very happy with the purchase, especially since this is good for back support.
This is not a trendy table, definitely more traditional.
Super easy to assemble!
could be cheaper but it's solid.
Good for movie nights with friends you don’t like very much.
Definitely five stars.
And the price is even better!
Lumbar and headrest are comfortable especially since I have a lot of back and neck pain.
Ikea products that cost even less than this are actually better made.
The arms on the sides feel uneven, like one side is 1/2" higher than the other and you cannot adjust them.
And as pictured.
Bench is very good quality.
I bought this chair for my son for his birthday.
The H159917 parts go on the end that is not curved.
It just take a moment to assemble it but worth it!
Fast polite email response to questions.Highly recommended.
It is hard to find inexpensive end tables that don't look cheap but this one is great.
It's laminated wood so I'm sure it can hold up against any cups that don't make it to a coaster.
This is the desk for you.
I am using it in a small room to create a sitting/TV area and then be able to have someone sleep over.
The only time anyone has ever said "Wow.
They shipped fast and were packaged very safely and neatly.
Otherwise the materials are great, the pillows/support areas are adjustable, removable.
It may be produced in China, but it’s designed in California.
Please let me and Amazon know if you found this review helpful by clicking on the “Helpful” button below.
Impressed with the entire process.
Love the reclining feature...very secure.
Although it shows one one the instructions,  DO NOT USE A DRILL.
Leather quality, durability and adjustments.
That being said they work perfectly for light use as nightstands in our bedroom.
Desk chair looks great and is comfortable.
I have been using it and have no trouble with it.
Great product.
Because there were supposed to be holes for all the screws and pegs that were drilled into the wood already, according to the instructions, but I guess the guy who was supposed to do that got drunk on the job because there's no holes.
Went together very easily and smoothly with just one person.
Easy af to build, and STURDY.
This chair meets or exceeds my expectations.
Terrific piece.
It would be perfect if it could be higher!
Will likely order a desk mat to cover it.
Nice desk overall but tje instructions are allot for someone who isn't handy
No response back!!
It’s the perfect size for my small living room and the wood doesn’t look cheap or mega fake.
It’s a very basic and easy to set up product.
Would have been a good value otherwise.
Altogether, I give a lot of things the benefit of the doubt if they don't work as expected, especially for such a low price..... but I'm very disappointed with this.
It was easy to figure out, you literally just screw the legs on.
These screws should all be tested before this deal is sold.
The connection between the cylinder on the back to the "box" that then takes power to the keys to move the desk up or down is no longer working.
I ordered this back in December of 2017, and I thought it was cool and comfortable, but now...
The hardest part was turning the bench upright on it legs at the appropriate time because legs and top work surface were so heavy.
Ordered this for a small space so my Grandson could use it and plug in his electronics.
Completely disappointed with this chair.
I’m used to higher tables, but this is still great.
However, the assembly is not so easy.
I have a utensil drawer again.
I'm extremely happy with this purchase and my wife was very pleased with the fit and finish as well, it looks fantastic in our garage.
The table came in relatively few pieces, which was refreshing.
The larger drawer has an option for hanging files.
i got there chair in the maroon color.
Very comfortable, take your time assembling.
The chair was easy and simple to assemble, however there is a small wobble in the piston.
Everything was included and the directions clear.
I measured carefully while I was sitting to see how high I needed my table to be before I purchased this.
The product was delivered on time and well packaged, it also appears to be of good quality as well.
I have been using this chair for a little while and it's good.
Wanna say first I literally just got this and put it together.
product has flimsy legs made of cheap plastic.
Seller are not professional
It gives off a kind of industrial reclaimed wood vibe (yet high-quality!)
I went around afterwards and checked tightness.
The table itself is very solid, super easy to assemble.
It holds my records, too!
One thing to note, they aren't as tall as some end tables.
It arrived quickly and was super easy to assemble!
Not smell at all.
I thought I’d be able to put alittle more weight on it but it looks great and serves a good purpose.
Totally satisfied!
It came with caps to cover the sports where screws went which was a nice touch.
They're sturdy enough and took less than 10 minutes to set up.
My coffee table is bigger than this table!
Very simple.
I also like the look of the chair a lot, it's very nice.
My 16 year old daughter and I put this desk together we followed the instructions EXACTLY and did not have any issues.
This piece is a used piece of junk.
To boot, when it becomes one nightstand, you get 2 drawers and 2 shelf areas, as well as the tabletop that easily fits ALL your bedside stuff (lamp, reading materials, lotions, Chapstick, Kleenex, multiple books, etc.).
Also, be sure to inspect the dimensions of your mattress versus the bed frame; as you can see in many of the pictures posted: unless you have a small profile Scandinavian-design mattress, it looks terrible.
This is my second online furniture purchase from Amazon and once again I am very pleased.
Wished I saw this one before I bought another high-back chair that was terrible.
Super comfortable, big, thick seat cushion.
Overall--for this price, can't be beat.
We also purchased separately a 6 drawer wooden rolling bin for storage.
The grey and white combination fits well together.
It is not particularly comfortable so if you are looking for a lounger, look elsewhere.
I'm used to working in a U-ish shaped desk at work.
Delivery was on time and they called a day ahead and gave me a more specific 3 hour window.
We have dogs who get on the furniture and wanted something to keep from damaging it.
You're wasting your money.
Boards chipped as I put the screws in.
It looks dirty all the time and what is more ironic is it sits in my vacation home in Palm Springs that is vacant 60% of the time!
Very good for short people (5'2) like me.
I bought a small desk from Walmart a while back and it has served me well but once I got this L-desk put together and in position I instantly regretted ever going to Walmart.
So here I am, with an office chair that only has one arm.
Careful to not use water on it.
Assembly was a little confusing.
It is made as a layered structure of a fiber or paper backer covered with a layer of shredded leather fibers mixed with a polyurethane binder that is embossed with a leather-like texture"
Didn’t use for 4 months.
you cant beat the price for a leather chair.
Let me tell you the good and the bad.
I guess not all amazon products are good..
It is the perfect size for work and the color is good too.
I like the style and what you see is what you get...
CONS- The four legs are held together with 4 small tack welds and 2 shady screws.
I assembled this chair by myself and took my time to be sure everything was done in the correct order and that I fully tightened all the bolts.
I will be back in 2 to 3 months to update this review, but as for now I’m more than pleased.
Very sturdy and weighs around 30 lbs so it's easy to move around.
4 stars because it came with a scratch
I can see this being not a good fit for a tall or very large person.
No tools is needed.
Had it for a total of 2 days before it snapped and broke on the seat right where the screws go in.
The chair is literally unusable.
This Island was the perfect size, it looks great in  my kitchen and the storage was just what I needed.
Came in the box, with all the stuff you need.
It  does seem like it would have been a comfortable and sturdy chair but I didn’t assemble I just sent it back.
Gift recipient was very happy with the  dinette set.
So, since they were so nice to offer another one, I decided to give it a second chance.
It's cheap wood but it's functional and looks modern.
However, it is tge most I’m comfortable sofa to sit in and to sleep on as hard as a rock.
Feels very sturdy when assembled and the shelves are larger than they appear in the photo.
Just make sure not to over-tighten any screws!
Would be great if it didn't have very sharp corners sticking out from the end of the bed beyond the mattress.
They don't scratch up the furniture, but it's nice to have.
I would recommend!
lol I didn't mind paying the price I did for it because the detailing and quality of the chair is nice.
I did not need a nice heavy sturdy desk.
I bought it for my son and he loves it.
Just received the coffee table.
It was worth every penny.
Drawers are strong and stay on track.
It's a stable bed and looks fantastic.
The back leans way forward.
If you're used to building IKEA stuff, this should be a piece of cake.
This table is a wonderful entryway table, and the drawer slides smoothly which makes it a perfect spot for keys.
Takes awhile to put together: an hour or so, but the table is great!
The directions are a bit unclear in some areas, allowing for pieces to be assembled backwards accidentally, but it's an easy fix if you so desire.
I didn't even realize the arms flipped up, but that was a great surprise!
Opened the box all looked well, put the chairs and bench seat together fine.
This table was better than expected.
It went together so easily and in no time at all.
She was immediately attracted to the photo on the Amazon page.
I don't expect them to last much more than a couple of years and I bought them at a sale price so I'm satisfied.
If you are buying chairs for your cubical employees that you pay minimum wage this is the chair for you.
Seat cushion is a bit hard but using a thicker seat cushing will definitely help.
It looks so pretty in my room and hold both my printer, laptop, and cricut machine at once if I so choose.
The hook for your headphones is honestly super convenient, and the same could be said about the nice little canvas bag on the opposite side, perfect for notebooks and sketchbooks alike.
It creeks and cracks everytime I move.
I ordered this desk in the 39 inch length.
I move it around pretty frequently making the bed, straightening out the bassinet sheets, vacuuming the rug underneath, etc.
Hard to clean and easy to put pulls.
I have a couple of computer monitors on top with a large desktop tower and it doesn't move when I type or push my chair away from the desk.
The "marble" look is very authentic looking and I love it.
Started off at 5 stars.
Small but a good size for an end table.
It looks so cheap my niece asked if I got it a dollar store!!
It’s perfect for her to do her school work on with ample space for her laptop and supplies.
Only major issue is the top is a black glass that will show every scratch in it.
The railing inside the desk cabinet has bent with use and now the file cabinet drawer sticks and makes a rubbing noise.
Fits my PC and 2 monitors (22" and 27"), keyboard and mouse exactly.
I would choose to clean 10 mirrors but not this table top.
Overall, it's pretty cheap quality.
I was putting it in a small space and was afraid of being able to assemble it & it fitting in the space, but they couldn't have made it easier to 'build' and it fit perfectly.
Sturdy and I am small so the size is perfect for me.
At first when I saw this online, I thought “oh that looks nice, it’ll fit perfectly in my apartment.
you need a 2nd person to hold the seat back when assembling but other than that it's pretty simple and straight forward and probably took me 20-30 minutes total (w an extra pair of hands for minutes 15-25 of 30. wish i loved this chair more.
While sitting in the chair  the wheel snapped completely off and I only weight 135 lbs!!
First of all, instructions were hard to follow.
I'm literaly saving up for a new one and putting this on offer up.
Took 30 minutes to assemble.
One is being used as a futon end table.
I love the sturdiness of the folding desk.
The structure of the table is wobbly due to the leg bolts being held in place by a cardboard tube.
Pieces that came with it were cheap plastic.
Dimensions are given, pay attention to that when considering if that will work for your device.
Very cheap made ..... doesn’t stay together don’t waste your money
They replied same day to me with a fix.
Narrow seat for not very large people.
MY BED CAME WITH BED BUGS!!!!
My cat agrees it’s great’
Good space saver.
The instructions were clear and my mom was able to assemble the chair on her own alone.
When we unapacked the box, we found the door detached.
It saved me a lot of stress.
Not very tall, please read the dimensions before you buy so you won't be disappointed.
Not a couch for long term use but good for a first apartment or kids room
The chair looks cool and I like that it reclines all the way back, but that's where my compliments end.
The feet comes pre-assembled in the package; the posts are secured to the feet via 3-4 screws.
Screws never fully "bite" while assembled, and portions of the frame cracked.
This was a good desk for the price.
Desk arrived with no damage and the company emailed me prior to arrival to inform me if there is any damage on arrival or parts missing to contact them directly.
Purchase Date: July 13, 2017 Review Date: January 24, 2018 Condition on Review Date: Good Update: The wobble was eliminated completely when I placed a rug underneath the table.
Very sturdy , well built and TRUE 55inches long.
Very easy to Assemble👩‍🎤Great Quality with Care🌈Great And Very Satisfied🙏❤️Thank you all ❤️🙏Amazon💇🏻‍♀️GB 🙏Thank you for your Great Service and Workers all over the 🌎Great Team🌎☎️
He shipped it the next day.
I seldom write a review.
This chair is a great value for the price overall.
Pretty much immediately after I got it, my legs would become sore within an hour.
Things do not align very nicely, but that's just expected with cheap products.
It seems like it will last for a long time.
The most comfortable office chair we've ever owned.
That said, I'm totally satisfied with the quality I got for the price I paid.
I would definitely not recommend this desk.
I've been so happy with this purchase!
Its beautiful and fits perfect in my apartment, but 2 things were annoying, one there were no real instructions, just pictures and second if I didn't by seat covers you wouldn't want to sit on them for long.
The chair is basic quality, nothing to be excited about.
At 61 I am not too good at putting things together.
(female, 5' 6", 150lbs) - It rocks when you want it to, but you can lock the seat in place.
One person can easily put them together in about an hour.
The mechanism to raise it up and down is so stiff!
Not the color described.
This kitchen island table is a perfect substitution, which is much cheaper as well.
I’m a bigger gal I’ll admit, so I couldn’t raise the chair height anymore... trying just turned it into a weird amusement park ride where you’re confused if you had a good time or not and if the equipment was safe.
Assembly is easy and quick and the fabric feels like a quality weave.
Armrest did not come with cushion as advertised.
It took less than 5 minutes to open the shipping box and set it up.
This couch is a piece of junk.
However, pre-drilling the holes and using a power drill makes the process much easier and quicker.
It was easy to put together and it is a very comfortable chair.
Specifically the seat cushion is thin and you might as well be sitting directly on the base support.
The chair is easy to assemble and has a good height adjustment that goes low enough for kids (mid to late elementary or middle), but tall enough for adults.
I tried to use them for something else and after putting like 10 or so foot pounds on it the head just rounded right off.
I got this because of the size.
All of them are easy to assemble and the chairs and bench was packed properly.
I am happy to report that it is exactly what I was looking for in our guest/game room!
The desk looked exactly like it did in the product listing and I was pleased!
Overall, this chair is built very well and it's very supportive for us desk jockeys.
I happened to want an end table with these exact dimensions to set an object on, and this fit the bill exactly.
The table arrived well packaged and the legs screwed into the top in seconds.
It was not assembled so I had to ask a staff member to.assemble
the neck support is really helpful, especially it can be adjustable.
Very sturdy and perfect for dual monitors.
We love our table and chairs!
the poles are too big to screw into the bottom poles...and went to tab for product report and gave me email...emailed them but email came back...address couldn't be found...
Using it indoors.
I took the leg and screws to a hardware store, and none of the strong young men were able to get the screws to go through.
", that was incorrect.
Spend a fair amount of time in this chair so it needs to be comfortable.
There's plenty of extra space to the left of my laptop for headphones and the such, and plenty of room to the right of my mouse pad for other desk essentials like pencil cup, stapler, etc.
I would like the seat to be a little more padded but I bought a cushion and it is all good!
I bought this chair for use while playing video games.
So im not going to lie the reviews scared me after i purchased.
I like this chair enough that it isn't worth it to me to disassemble it, repackage it, and send it back.
I thought I'd have to put it together from start to finish.
UPDATE:  I contacted the seller and they quickly sent out a new base.
A $150 price tag is way over-priced for what this is.
I’m very happy with this purchase, watch the prices cause it fluctuates like the stock market.
The directions were very clear and easy to follow.
I love the way these tables look, and the size is perfect for my apartment so they aren’t overwhelming in the space.
Very nice looking loveseat.
Altogether the products are well matched.
Very satisfied with the purchase!
Great side table and love the pocket for magazines
Or play cards against humanity.
Took about 1 hr to 2 hr to get assembled.
Probably build it where you want it, because it’s a pain to move after building.
and it will be great if it's softer and cloth-covered.
It wont even allow me to order a replacement part even if I was willing to pay for it because, there is no option for it.
I do really love the color, it looks good in my daughter bedroom.
Lastly, be sure that you have Febreze and give this couch a good couple days to air out as it has a strong chemical smell.
I am a 340 pound man and this chair has not gave in on me or broke somewhere and I have laid back at the flattest angle you can get.
The mattress slides when you try to put up your bed skirt or put bed sheets or sometimes even if you sit against the wall (thats before I got the headboard) 3.
Assembled very easily.
I received a little over a month ago and can't return it now.
Pros: I bought this chair mainly because it allows moving the arm rests up and out of the way which most chairs can’t do.
Very well made, the look is exactly what we wanted and came packaged extremely well.
The desk is amazingly sturdy and versatile, and I'll probably by my daughter one in the near future.
However the packaging doesn't make it easy to dissasemble and pack for moving.
I like the back (Lumbar) support.
I work in technology and sitting through long conference calls and work meeting really messed up my back.
Really nice, roomy and sturdy.
Love the chair but without the power cord, Massage remote, Power Source and lift/recline control we cannot use it.
My roommate has a DXRacer chair and this is really similar for less than half the price.
I was not sure about this purchase, but now I am sooo in love with it.
Sadly this thing is all show, the cheep nature of the parts means that your mileage will vary but mine came crooked to a point where its 2-3 inches lower on the left than the right.
When we attempted to pick it up to place it face side up, it crumpled.
I was, “entertaining” a heavier woman on one of these tables and it collapsed.
It takes two minutes.
Ended up getting the matching coffee table as well.
Assembly, like the End Table counterpart, was simple.
I've sat in chairs in the past where the tilt feature did not lock and found myself fighting the chair when I needed to maintain and upright seated position.
Another call to Amazon and XPO, and they changed my delivery window to between 6 and 9 AM!
It arrived in perfect condition and wasn’t too hard to put together.
Solid, good looking nightstand/end table.
I can sit here for hours doing homework or studying without hurting myself.
We just make our plates before setting down at the table.
Everything for the price
The second chair, after a very short time, has another cracked arm, will soon break.
I would definitely recommend this product!
When this product was delivered, everything was well-packed and there were no damaged parts.
This table is absolutely PERFECT!
-Metal legs look quite nice - Materials seem to be of pretty good quality.
It came in 2 small boxes so we put it together in the camper.
I only gave it 4 stars because of certain things not working properly but are not that big a deal to me.
Box was not damaged so it must've been error in warehouse.
Def would order again.
All the parts were free from damage.
There were a few screws that were hard to insert.
It’s so pretty.
I’ve only had it a day so far so we shall see.
I was pleased at how easy it was to assemble.
None of those crazy circle catches and pins, just screws!
This was game changer.
Unfortunately, I have to echo a lot of sentiments on there.
There’s nothing to dislike about this chair.
The little metal bar or lip under it that goes around is in the way most times and makes it harder to get clamps to stay, and you would need to find a clamp that is wide open enough to fit all the way under it.
Definitely not okay for a work environment.
The bench is excellent!
The top wooden surface left and right sides the pre drilled holes did not line up with the holes in the base so I was unable to screw in the screws to secure the wooden surfaces.
Putting together was pretty easy.
I am pretty satisfied overall!
It is pretty wobbly .
First thing I uncovered was the bottom portion of the table.
Would definitely buy again should I need it!
Good quality desk.
Overall, I do not regret my purchase.
The legs on the right side of the desk are not interchangeable with the left side that is very easy to see
The base of the chair is small, when I try and recline all the way, the front of the chair raises up and it feels like you're about to fall back.
Super easy to assemble.
I’m 6ft 185lbs and if I was any bigger this chair would be too small.
:( All of the clothes that I’m wearing are at least 2 years old and have been washed several dozen times, so they aren’t fresh shirts with lingering dye.
The chair also makes alot of noise when I move around.
I’m not mechanical so to be able to take this out the box, unfold the legs and push the top on was a God send.
The shipping box(cardboard) had re-enforced corners and arrived intact; like new from the store.
We have limited space in our city townhouse and it's footprint is just what we need.
Stick to an office chair.
It’s being used every day and still is in perfect condition.
It comes very well packed, just tons of pieces.
The cushion material does bunch a bit but is easily re-puffed (?).
It has some wood texture.
Dimensions were precise.
I would say it's been used lightly as far as sitting, so I'm disappointed in the quality/durability of the chairs and table.
Pros - Nice wide comfortable seat; pretty fair lumbar support mechanism; and, headrest is nicely placed.
My husband was amazed at how easy this desk was to assemble.
Biggest thing is the armrests even though they are designed to push out, they won't stay in when I want them to.
I bought the couch with chaise and chair and like them a lot.
Basically, you may or may not have useless left over parts.
I had this out of the box and put together in less than 15 minutes.
Desks are so hard to find as they are in such high demand.
Seriously, superglue a drink coaster on or something.
Amazing table.
I was hesitant since I only saw 34 reviews but they seemed legit.
I've been using them for exactly a year now and I just ordered several more pieces of Zinus furniture.
Doesn’t take up much space.
The back is held on with the arm rest so it is obviously going to fail at some point, and it just happened to me.
Great little table.
The chair is very uncomfortable with no support.
The directions to put this together were easy to follow.
Careful when assembling, came with a tiny nick and splintered wood not really noticable, very very poor packaging.
So cheap I wasn’t sure if it would be nice or not, but it was easy to assemble and perfect for our little space!
and the package had a few dings ( to be expected cause i live in Hawaii so it’s pretty far to ship from mainland ) anyways the package wasn’t as heavy or big as i thought.
The braket that goes on the bottom to hold the desk togetehr doesn’t fit it’s not long enough.
My boyfriend said it will be relative easy to assemble.
On that chair, the armrest was 2-3 inches too low and very hard and uncomfortable.
Great chair, easy assembly.
I may even have to buy another 1 or 2 to put under my desk for storage!
I was very unsatisfied with this experience.
The price was very affordable and I really wanted a bigger diameter but I use a floor lamp for light behind it so it works well.
I would not have ran into this issue if it came with instructions.
I am 6'1" 215 pounds.
Really great table sturdy and at a very affordable price.
All in all, it's made my work day a lot more pleasant and I'm very happy with the purchase.
Great price and VERY easy to put together.
It wasn’t that hard to put together but I’m not a mechanical person so it was a little tedious.
Good stuff!
Once this was done the nuts started just fine on the bolts..
It's really comfortable and ergonomic.
For the price this is a nice recliner.
I'm a 160 lbs male.
It does seem a little flimsy, but if you add a few L brackets on the corners seems to help a little (remember is particle board so be careful when tightening screws) but it will do for now.
This worked great for the homeless shelter.
Size wise the desks is great.
That's what we'll be looking at next as soon as we're able to afford it.
Also finding the instructions was tricky for me!
Legs are hollow plastic and hand screw.
The price for the chair has since changed and if you have a budget of $150 or less, I would still say it was a great chair (as long as there have been no significant changes in quality since I ordered mine in 09/18).
I wanted a table for assembly of projects and the simple lines of this table allows purchase for clamps.
I like the extra supports it comes with for your neck and lower back.
The door wouldn’t fit into the hinges.
This seems like the penalty for not spending $20 more at office max for a better quality chair.
I went to return the item and there is zero returns on it.
But in the first attempt itself, it ripped off my mattress.
Only downfall about the chair is that the armrest are set a little low, but not by much.
The only tool necessary to assemble it is a T-handle Allen wrench which comes with it.
Overall the look of the couch is nice, and it is a nice size for a smaller room.
Not super easy to put together takes a couple hours however the instructions are well written.
It rolls very freely and has a handle that allows you to go up and down.
That's not the issue, the holes for screws are the weak points.
Easy to assemble, and perfectly on the plain/modern line as far as style goes.
The most important thing is that it is shipped by Amazon , and it has a warranty: 12 months warranty.
I bought this for my new apartment and I am very pleased with the purchase.
I like this desk a lot with one exception.
I'm a very laid back person and have never complained or wrote a bad review here, but this one I thought I had too since it's supposed to be brand new but it clearly wasn't.
It was very easy to install, think i installed mine in 35 minutes.
We've had it about a month now and it's actually quite comfortable and supportive for long periods of time.
Lovely Couch, fantastic price and color.
Now, I am giving four stars because the product itself was a bit difficult to assemble due to misaligned mounting holes and it is a bit wobbly.
Ok let me start by saying after reading some of the reviews pertaining to how far it leans back I did try to cancel my order.
It is sturdy and easy to wipe clean with some windex.
It’s so comfy, and way better quality than the couch I previously had from wayfair.
Too heavy to return but would like my money back!
This is not well made.
The seating position is awkward and uncomfortable and the headrest is about 10 inches too short for an adult.
Quite heavy but still easy to assemble.
I’ll be sitting in it and it just snaps and break off.
And its perfect for my family of 4!
Arrived in good condition with no missing pieces.
Exactly what I wanted!
This chair is the perfect combination of back support, stability, and slick design.
The old mattress was just like new but you could feel the bars and it just wasn't comfortable.
Feels great.
No loose threads!
Dang this thing is comfy and looks super clean and cool.
However, the hardware was missing in the original box.
I own a higher end gaming chair and needed another for a spare room.
The sides of the seat bother me a bit for long sitting but other wise it’s comfy and nice.
Cute table.
You can switch these two pieces up and use the long piece on the left or right.
The screws that are suppose to go on the side panel for the drawer suddenly became loose.
The desk look used and was very dirty.
I ordered two bed end tables from Amazon.com.
none of my pieces were damaged.
Also, it gets pretty warm after sitting for about 15 minutes.
Thanks 😊 -Bliss Power
For the price this is an excellent buy.
N new matching chair!!
This is an ok office chair, but if you have wider hips or are just a "wider" person, the arm rests WILL put pressure against your legs, there's not a lot of wiggle room in the seat to be honest.
When it first came however, there were 4 pre-drilled holes for the bolts and assembly.
It was fairly easy to put together.
Bought this in February and it’s been a great workstation.
and no arm wrests.
For what I paid, this is definitely worth my money.
Needed a basic desk to go in the middle of office and match larger desk against windows.
The finished product is quite lovely, but you need a double PhD in structural engineering and advanced architectural design to put this sucker together.
Trying to find someone to contact about replacing the part because it has a 1 year warranty was NOT easy.
This standing desk is very sturdy and was easy to assemble.
It just feels uncomfortable that I find myself not wanting to sit at my desk for longer than an hour.
I'll see if I can update this post in the future when I've had it for a few months to let you guys know how the chair is by then.
And, by the way, my customer address and identifying information was left on the box they left in the middle of the road.
These tables were easy to assemble and from a distance they actually look pretty sharp.
WORST EVER!
After moving multiple times with a heavy desk with annoying parts, I love how easy it is to assemble/disassemble this desk.
The slats come bundled together with Velcro straps on each of them so you don't even have to give it a best guess on where each one goes.
I love the look of this desk and was pleasantly surprised.
Assembly was easy but one of the bolts doesn’t fit properly (bolt looked fine so I think it is a issue the preset nut - still works fine but the cap doesn’t fit on it.
And as I also enjoy sitting cross legged, the lack of arms are one of the reasons that I bought this chair.
I'm using this table for my formal living room and looks amazing because match very nice with the forniture that I bough on macys forniture store.
Read directions first and the assembly will be easy.
Then having to do computer and paper work.
It feel solid; although all my chairs have been like this for the first few months, until everything start to loosen up.
And, there are extra parts.
Sent it back.
Exactly as described.
It is the perfect size for what I needed to store.
never buy again...
It’s on the smaller size but I was looking for that since my apartment isn’t too big.
Very comfortable.
Fingerprints are annoying though.
There was one exception for the bottom File cabinet drawer they don’t explain there are different sets of holes for hanging letter being legal sized file folders and once you assemble the drawer you have to unassemble it to change the letter vs legal size.
I have now installed the armrests to facilitate the increased time spent in the chair.
It was driving me crazy!
There are also helpful diagrams.
I saved my quarters so my stepdaughter had a place to sleep.
If we wasn’t  in this pandemic I would  send it back but we are, and now I’m stuck with it.
Very firm couch that doesn't take 3 tries to get out of.
(With some assistance from my 5 and 6 year olds.)
Great table otherwise.
It's perfect, minimalistic, enough room, and feels and looks like it cost 3 times the amount I paid.
I could not be more pleased with this purchase.
At 80$ a good deal now that it’s done, but you pay for it with your time!
This was perfect and easy to put together.
Unfortunately, this defect undermines the quality of the product, not from the aesthetic point of view but in the firmness of the seat.
The assembly was fairly quick and painless.
We have it folded up against a wall but probably slide under the bed.
Deliver was great and easy to setup for your average joe...
Perfect for a dorm room!
I got the beige and it’s stayed clean (a minor spill cleaned up easily without a trace).
I constantly have to realign the legs and I'm worried it's going to fall over with my computer on top of it.
Comfortable chair with thick padding.
For a basic chair it does the job and for the price it makes it a keeper, my only complaint is I wish it came in brown
Once it’s together it is very comfortable and moves well.
I liked the lumbar support.
Instructions are easy to understand, all parts and tools are placed in separate ziplock bags, and there are relatively few parts to keep track of.
Other reviews though good, say that it takes some leg pressure to tilt back, and I can 100% say that this is not the case.
This isn't a sturdy table so don't accept to try and store anything heavy on top.
theyre sturdy enough for me.
As for sitting for long hours, it hasn't been a problem and you can take out the cushions which are an amazing feature too.
Not sturdy and tiny
The next morning I started back at it, well since over 1/2 of the pieces did not have stickers I when off size only to find that I did not have one side then as I looked more I was missing the entire top of the desk.
They responded so quickly and sent me several extras!
There were no wheels or sliding drawers in the packaging.
Notice one end is curved and one isn't.
This was a good purchase.
Not sure if it's sturdy cause we only really have the monitor, keyboard, mouse on it right now.
The arms are not adjustable and they are way too short.
It’s perfect, except for this...
It's to the point where I'm nervous to put certain things on it such as a heavy textbook or what not.
I was so disappointed.
This is really useful for the people who are WFH like me and having great space to fit in two monitors, keyboard and mouse and have plenty of space available left to fit the accessories too.
Sturdy and not too heavy.
Happy with my purchase so far.
The colors are a little off so after seeing the picture reviews I went with navy and not green.
it looks great in our guestroom.
Epic purchase :)
I'm just in love with this bed.
Flimsy and cheesy.
Arms are solidly built, I can hold my entire weight against them (I'm 170lbs).
I was able to test it without the legs and the cushions were firm but not super hard and stiff, the color was a nice jean navy color.
Great price, the fabric is nice, its' very comfortable and stylish.
Easy to put together.
Arrived in a timely manner, comfortable for our 8 year old who got her own set up in my office recently due to now finishing out her year of school at home.
So far, my partner likes his new chair also.
The finish is great, it doesn't attract dust or pet hair, and it's very easy to wipe off and keep clean, which is great since it's white!
And having the ends open is visually pretty nice.
The base folds out and the table top has 4 pieces on each corner that simply snap onto the frame of the table.
I've been using it for weeks, now, and am completely satisfied with my purchase.
Overall, it is still usable as a desk, but I wouldn't want to work on it for a long time.
Chair looks good.
I've just furnished an entire apartment on Amazon, and I'm going to give honest reviews.
Very easy to assemble.
I will make sure that I never recommend or order from this line ever again.
Bc of the reviews on this issue I was careful taking the pieces out of the box so I found almost everything except for several  missing washers which I replaced from my hardware/garage supplies.
Assembly was fairly easy but by no means is this chair comfortable!
What a deal!
They are hardly noticeable.
Just what I needed for my small space in my office.
Definitely worth the price.
A positive purchase from a high class seller.
HON makes quality products (we've been using HON legal file cabinets for years)  and their new executive computer chair is no exception.
Would buy again.
I don’t see it chipping or staining at all.
Chair arrived in great condition and took 1 hour to assemble and I am not mechanical.
It’s just not worth returning so, you got me this time Amazon.
The instructions are slightly off showing screws in a location that becomes inaccessible and irrelevant depending on the direction.
For the price of a similar chair in Brazil, definitely worth the effort to bring it.
For the price, this is an AMAZING chair.
it really doesn't fit my body.
The part that screw the side arm into the bottom piece bent and now when I lean back it extends too far and I fell over backwards because it overextends now.
Built it in a matter of minutes.
The arms are solid  plastic and are not comfortable after sitting in it for longer periods of time and im working all day from home.
However if you are looking for a high quality desk- keep looking.
It’s just really cheaply made materials that bring it down.
It's delightful and relaxing.
BUT it is definitely worth the $160 and I'd have no problem recommending it to anybody if they were using it as extra seating for guests to sit on  or a kids room / game room kind of thing.I Just don't see how anybody could use this as their main living room furniture.
Desk took me about an hour and a half to assemble.
It was incredibly easy to put together and is exactly what she wanted.
I’m 5’3 and this desk sits super low for even me.
I have a long haired dog,  and so far it doesn't collect hair.
Besides that I would’ve kept the chair but i did not, i chose to return.
I have standard 3/4 in oak hardwoods, and I never had this problem with other chairs, even really cheap ones.
But all's you need is a Philips screwdriver which is nice.
This fits well against the wall in my tiny kitchen and is handy for food prep and hanging out.
My husband and I were impressed will all the extra packing used to safely ship the items.
I totally recommend!
I bought this chair to replace a 12 year old office chair with cracked leather and collapsed padding.
If you are thinking of taking a chance since it's $300 and Amazon's return policy is pretty good....that's another negative here as the cushions are essentially vacuum sealed and impossible to put back in the original packaging which is the only thing the seller accepts as returns.
I just received it, put it together, and now ready to literally throw it in the trash.
This company had everything so well organized, and the picture directions explained very clearly what to do.
Particle board let's screws Rio out during shipping.
I am so impressed!
Its a $70 office chair, so it can only be so nice.
The table would also be nice in a living room if you have one or two rechargeable items that have small docks like a programmable remote or a Nintendo 3DS or even just a table lamp.
When it arrived the packaging wasn’t great.
The up and down adjustments work ok but the base doesn’t exactly hook to the bottom piece that houses the wheels so be careful when picking this chair up.
Overall: You get what you pay for, but it will do for now.
Then I set up a folding table to work from.
Great cheap gaming desk.
Not sure if they will address the issue or not but will update.
We want our monitors right in front with enough space to sit our keyboard and mouse there too.
Great little dining set for the money.
I felt the curve but never thought it would be this much in the middle before I figured out how to properly measure it.
assembly required!
Secondly, the pegs tend to fall out which has cause some glass to break as well as a cooked meal.
Honestly, this feels like a scam to get rid of a product they made by mistake.
Worth the price.
Alignment on the right portion of the desk is off and the desk top on the left is warped bad enough my case is not level.
It’s not the sturdiest.
I am satisfied with the result, however, and would highly suggest putting this against a wall.
Very good size for an l shaped desk, it’s sturdy
The LED light and power strip are bonuses.
Super comfortable chair.
I suspect this is an issue only for the "Rustic Dark Brown" color since the table top is done in sections, rather than the "Rustic Brown" which seems to be a continuous piece.
Small sode table perfect fit next to couch love seat at corner of room.
everything is great about the desk.
This chair arrived a day earlier than predicted and very nicely packaged in a compact, high-grade corrugated box.
The table case in one big well packed box.
I want to buy all my furnitures from this firm in the future!
Blunted edges.
Soft and comfortable for my guest bed.
Perfect size for my limited space.
Also there is a clear line dividing the two "tabletops" which does look a bit ugly but it's easy to ignore.
good for condo or apartment
Table is still quite sturdy.
This chair is PERFECT for my desk.
Received package everything look good very easy build and quick .
This is REAL Furmiture.
loving my new desk!
I'm getting used to it though and it's happening less.
This table really is junk.
Requesting a replacement top from seller
It’s not practical and not how I thought it would work.
Chair is sturdy and seems to be well made.
Speaking of pieces this desk has a ton of them and it takes a decent amount of time to put together
I like that I can adjust the arm heights for gaming on my PC.
Home office, no.
Not a very high quality chair, but I guess good for the money or for young people
The desk came in two days thanks to amazon prime.
Arrived in excellent condition.
I think this is a great deal, for the price.
I keep my mattress in a zippered mattress cover to protect me from asthma or allergies, also it protects against bedbugs, they are truly everywhere in America right now.
I’m pretty pleased with this desk.
The top drawer whole are to high.
We use it to store pots and pans and the shelves have not buckled under the weight.
I needed it as a small end table to hold a small UPS, modem, and mesh router.
Everything works great now.
The arm rest area are really soft too, just like the seat.
desk is extremely sturdy, easy enough to assemble.
hated it lol...
I was afraid it wouldn’t be big enough, but I’m a 6’-3” guy and it does the job fine.
Only had for a day.
One point deducted for quality control.
Quite easy to assemble.
No issues went together like a piece of cake.
In my opinion, It's priced too high for it's quality.
When I first received the big heavy box and opened it, I thought it would be complicated to assemble it.
I also like the adjustable feature, I can move it up or down as I need it.
I'm really happy with this purchase and am actually ordering another one for a different couch!
Knew I needed to invest in a good chair that would be ergonomic and comfortable and this chair is it!
This was a difficult assembly,  I think because the parts you were putting together were hard to hold while putting in the screws.
It's heavy, so you'll want to set it up, where it will stay.
Seat is not really cushioned well
Five Stars isn't enough!
I decided I could fix it by applying wood glue and a clamp to the frame.
we bought two of these.
The trick is in the lever that raises and lowers the chair.
Again very Easy.
Perfect table for the space I needed it to fill.
It was hard to find a sofa cover that fit exactly but we use one that covers around 75% of the sofa.
When I went to put the leg on it snapped completely.
This was cheap enough that when the quarantine is over it could get tossed in the trash since we already have a nicer chair.
However I will never forget the agonizing build process (Kinda kidding, but also not).
Very comfortable couch.
Extremely easy to assemble, great quality, expensive look.
3 chrome colored screw, we ended up with a cracked desktop.
The customer service was great, and they got me a new base very quickly.
These are cute little tables.
Mainly the issue of wobble at the standing settings.
Easy assembly as well.
I'm giving this chair 4 stars because it's pricey for the type of chair it is.
Not only does it make sleeping on the sofabed much more comfortable, the added support having it folded up in the sofa makes the sofa cushions sit higher and far more comfortable to sit or sleep on.
My table showed up with two holes with no thread for the screws to grab onto for the legs to attach.
We love the look of this desk.
I’m hoping in time, with a little more wear, they will settle down.
several issues.
Its not very sturdy, it wobbles slightly and leaning back makes me feel the back is going to break.
The desk looks great.
A little expensive but it will probably still be there after we all are dead
My only issue is the table had 2 small scratches or an imperfection.
What they did is just use a little plate and 4 screws to make them stay flush.
If you live in a studio apartment, or have a small space, it's perfect.
These little tables are small- but not bad.
I'm wrestling with myself about this desk right now.
The picture online is pretty misleading.
oh, and its also really easy to assembly, looks nice and simple, and is lightweight  (if those things matter to you).
But they are cute and do the job.
It’s an ok unit for the price but nothing exceptional.
This is way more than I was expecting in every good way possible.
I tried switching them out and the same problem persisted.
Overall,  it's good for the price and my back is screaming less.
Extremely comfortable at first but after about a year it looses its support so u almost have to fold it for comfortable rest
Looks great, even if it does look a little flimsy, its holding my monitor (LCD 32" TV) and two laptops just fine.
Over all I’ve been 0 problems with it thus far.
I have been using this chair for over two weeks now; 9-10 hours a day with no problem.
Very poorly made.
Item and box arrived late and damaged
I have only owned this chair roughly a week, but so far I'm happy with it.
Excellent product!
There was some damage to the table top and it’s missing a hole for one of the bars that’s supposed to make it more stable.
The chair itself looks really nice but is not as comfortable as I thought.
i am now looking for a professional job.
Getting into the arrival the box came a little banged up and i was worried if the wood was damaged.
As it 8nd8cated.
Guess you get what you pay for.
I have had this desk for about 2 months and it is already staring to fall apart.
The original boxed looked like it may have been damaged in shipping or warehouse.
Moving to a new place, with limited budget and having to furnish the whole place I could not ask for a better table.
Putting three together in an afternoon, time-consuming.
You got what you pay for .
It's not comfortable and much smaller than you would think.
For the price, and for something delivered in the mail in 2 boxes, the quality is perfect and better than expected.
Best of all, it's less than $200 which is reasonable for a gaming chair.
Extremely happy
Unfortunately, at some point between those two dates the manufacturers cheaped out on the design and replaced a sturdy gasket holding the back mesh in place with a flimsy plastic backing.
The pieces didn’t slide through how they were supposed to, I was dripping sweat hours later by the time we finally gave up on putting it together.
It was a small dent, but for the price paid, I decided to reach out to the company that makes it.
If you are saying this desk is wobbly and you are certain there are no manufacturing defects on the parts you received then I would suggest loosening everything a bit and trying to torque bolts in a pattern that makes sense.
It is so worth it!
I probably read every single review before I purchased.
I can say that the desk is heavy.
Assembly was super easy.
While comfortable and sturdy (besides zero passing on the arms), I am constantly adjusting the cushion covers so the seams are straight.
I ended up buying a butt support pillow which looks ridiculous, but is the only way this terrible chair is slightly useable.
Very simple to put together and all the parts were there.
One of the metal on the chairs completely broke in half.
I received the chair in mid April and one of the legs with the wheels on it broke off today.
It's easy to assemble and a very good quality for the price.
They even sent little thank you cards (blank) for me to use (of course advertising on the back, but they really brand themselves well.
Honestly who just loves assembling things.
It becomes very uncomfortable and forces me to move to sitting on couch without my extra monitor, etc.
I know this from experience.
Great table for the price!
I bought two, one for each side of my front door.
One of the tables is noticeably damaged.
Comfortable.
Very solid.
Great desk very easy to setup took about 20 min to build really sturdy used as a desk for my gaming pc and my WFH setup
Very nice fresh for our location.
Comfortable high back.
Buy this desk and see for yourself!
This couch is a great buy!
As it is, I had to drill into the metal with self-drilling metal screws, and put some small wood screws into the shelf part.
I was initially going to buy a desk from Ikea (the one everyone seems to buy), but they were sold out.
Comfortable chair.
They had to be assembled but it was a great value for the money!
Although I never expected to spend 8-10 hours a day at this desk when I purchased it, it has been a life saver.
UPDATE:  About a week and a half in, I love the sofa and I'm glad I purchased it.
Sturdy, attractive, comfortable.
When this product was delivered, everything was well-packed and there were no damaged parts.
When the UPS man delivered this 70 lb package I heard tinkling sounds when he sat it on my porch.
All though most things were great, and the table looks and feels nice, I just wish they had better quality comptrol before shipping.
I have been wanting a mesh backed office chair for a while.
Definitely prefer my office chair, but it's a lot more expensive than this one.
Easy to assemble, looks great and sturdy while being light weight.
It’s wobbly and we have to shove fabric beneath one leg to make it even.
The entire set looks nice and neat, but do consider the quality before purchase.
If i ever get it put together I’ll update my rating.
Waste of Money.
It is put together by 2 black round plastic pieces.
It's deep enough to stash playstation controllers, remotes, and other items my cat loves to knock into the cat dimension when I'm sleeping.
Obviously, the manufacturer should improve their manufacturing process and quality control (apparently in Vietnam).
Sturdy for me and hasn’t given me any problems.
You can use a flat head screwdriver to lift up the square tab if you need to try again.
If 10 was hard plastic and 1 was soft foam, this is like an 8.
Of the two, the bookshelf seems the most frail, I was afraid to really tighten anything since it broke before!
Its sleek design and comfortability makes it a must recommend.
Probably will be replacing it sometime soon, and I haven't even had this longer than 6 months.
They are a rip off even for the cheap price.
Sucks because this would be a 5 star chair if I wasn't just over 240 myself.
I use it as a writing desk in my study.
couch was great at first, but now it has holes and the fabric stretching is pretty noticeable wish I spend my $500 on something a bit better.
I put this together myself in 15 minutes.
Extremely happy with this purchase!
If the seller would provide the missing screw and replace the defective headrest, I would keep this chair.
There is no rocking feature, so if you wobble to much you can knock the chair over.
For the price it is very good.
This island is very pretty!
This desk was a good balance of affordable but sturdy with functional but clean.
Minimalist.
This is the first time I have ever missed nailing in the back panel and I did it four times with this item.
This causes your legs to be tilted upward.
It was easy to assemble, and provides a great amount of room for tools.
It's insane that this thing cost 100 bucks.
The arms have a slight wobble to them, approximately 1cm of forward-to-back wobble, but it's not unexpected and since they have no padding and are only plastic, I think it's an improvement.
That's true on mine too, they were maybe 1/8th inch off the carpet.
It was very easy to put together & didn’t take very long.
Much better than the good old black which looks like a regular chair.
Do not expect the same materials etc.
Not a deal breaker, but could be better.
I absolutely love this desk!
Wish I would’ve gotten the L-Shaped version instead.
In my friend's case, we saw the crack after assembly so we have to disassemble and repack the set again for a return and replacement.
It fits good, comfortable and even tall enough for my long legs that I actually don't have to max out the height option.
It will definitely safe you a couple of migraines down the road.
They sent an email with the info needed and I replied but after 2 days did not hear anything back from them.
It is supportive, comfortable, easy to assemble, and includes padded armrests.
Possibly tear apart the wrapping it came in and use duct tape to rig a barrier between the screws and the seat cushion.
Not much of a gap between the pieces of wood.
So I finished building it and I superglued the border back on.
However, this is coming from someone with a memory foam mattress, so this likely would be a mattress issue rather than a frame issue.
I just can't imagine that this could not be manufactured in the good ol' US of A for $100 delivered.
When they arrived the boxes were banged up but the tables were securely encased in styrofoam and they were undamaged!
Given a coating of paint, called it good.
This is a reasonably priced chair.
Amazon has so many other great chairs to select from, virtually any of the others will be better then this one.
Not as comfortable as a big ol couch, but quite comfortable as a sitting couch
I have cracked the plastic ones before (I'm about 300lbs).
My table arrived perfect.
Exactly what I was looking for!
Once I maneuvered the back into alignment with the holes, everything was fine.
This is not the sturdiest table so keep that in mind when purchasing.
Truly a great workbench.
Many edges are rough and makes me wonder if they need their scissors sharpened.
Wrong choice, I kept my old chair and donated this to the fire station where it won't be sat in too much only because of the hassle to put it all back inside the box for shipping.
Bought another one as a gift for my friend who loved mine.
It hurts to keep my elbow on the elbow pads because they are too soft and feels like my hand is on a metal bar.
Overall, enjoyed the chair and you still get more for the price.
It’s just me and my roommate and we ate on it maybe 7-8 times for the last two months and it already started with the bruises and just cracks that we don’t even know where are coming from.
Here’s a list of the issues I had with this item; 1.
Very noisy chair and a lot of creaking noises.
I need a comfortable chair and this one just isn't it for me.
Price is great but you get what you pay for.
Would highly recommend.
I would definitely order more products from this company.
I have no complaints so far!
Before rising fully, it was a little uncomfortable, by the next morning it was comfy & felt much better.
I'd recommend avoiding until this is addressed.
I'm 5'2" I wouldn't recommend this for someone extremely tall because it fits me perfectly.
I lubricated several areas of the seat mechanism and it did not make a difference as it was not a squeaking or friction issue.
Received today.
I love the couch!
the non-slip pad that the frame came with was super useful.
Unfortunately, much is lost aesthetically by the creases in the cushion which appeared immediately upon sitting on it the first time.
Bought for my dorm.
Pro: very tall and it keeps the mattress even.
Nothing to complain about.
Hand tightening the screws bends the metal out of shape.
I found a bit expensive for what it is.
I really like this couch.
He is so happy he got it.
It’s comfortable.
Suffice it to say, I unfortunately have to buy a new desk - one that is hopefully much more sturdy than this one has been.
I had my boyfriend screw all 4 bolts and he’s pretty strong but it just comes off!
I paid half the price my co-workers paid for theirs.
If you are a wider person,  this will dig into the exterior of your thighs.
Amazon can send someone out to pick that thing up from me, not the other way around.
It's very cute.
Now I took a hit on both couches, they don't last long at all.
The metal bars were the worst quality and very confusing  but the wood was very good
It's fine (not great) to sit on, but throw a pillow on it for your back and you're fine on that front.
It went together with a few difficulties.
We feel a partial refund is due, but there appears to be no way to request that on Amazon.
My boyfriend is a PHD student and he sits most of his days infront of a desk and was in need of new chair.
Was easy to put together almost by myself (5'3" woman, not very athletic).
Fairly stout once assembled.
Very sturdy easy assembly.
The best part is the neck extension support, which I have never seen in any chair in this price range.
The bolts are .25" too long forcing me to use washers.
Also I missed the return window by 2 weeks.
Desk shakes when lowering and clicks.
THERE IS NO ADJUSTMENT FOR THE PERSON SITTING IN IT.
I have a small studio, so I wanted a multifunctional desk.
That said, I do not regret buying it—I’m glad actually—and I am happy with my purchase since I didn’t need (or want to) to spend nearly a grand for the more high-end and expensive ergonomic chairs on the market.
You won't be disappointed!
I usually have my laptop, a 2nd monitor, 2 speakers, a notepad, mousepad, cup of coffee, planner, and a light on this desk while working and still have plenty of room.
Shouldn't have had to do that, though.
I was using a chair that did not roll before, so this is a lot easier to get in and out of.
Made for a perfect height and depth for  coffee/breakfast  bar !!!
It was easy to assemble as well.
Good quality.
Most books at 9.5" and shorter and all of my books fit perfectly.
Thankfully I have experience with assembling furniture otherwise this would have been extremely difficult.
It’s not going to compare to those other chairs the cost a lot of money, but I’m able to work every day and not need those other ones.
The height adjustment is great.
The mechanics of the chair where not installed square and thus cased the chair to not function properly.
It is no $250 executive chair, but it is great for my home office.
Ergonomic review: So far it's a comfy standard office chair with the basic ergonomic traits - adjustable height seating, lumbar mesh support, tilt adjustment and static arm rests.
These tables are not as dark brown as what I would have liked but the 3-tier design in a narrow table is what I needed so I'll look beyond this minor color issue  For the price, these are a nice looking side table and if you read the instructions and do the assembly carefully these are no worse than any other DIY assembly furniture.
And it is true.The way they shipped it is not the best and it may lead to damage on the desk.
The instructions don't have a lot of words, but the pictures are pretty self explanatory.
Below is the review from the first chair.
There aren't a ton of chairs at this pricepoint that give these adjustments.
I bought this as a cheap desk while shifting to working from home.
I used this panel bed mainly for the headboard and looks!
First of all the package came in and was completely demolished with parts falling out the bottom, which admittedly, may not be a problem with the company but the mail carrier.
I think heavier people will feel like they are sitting on wood.
There were no screws or many parts.
I would have returned this if it were still inside the return window.
Well packaged.
I am pleased with my purchase and will take it to the office once I can return.
But for the price, can't complain!
Sturdy and well designed.
...I just may end up keeping it inside, but my intention is to put it in our entertaining sideyard we’ve begun to build out this year.
I can't say enough good things about this desk.
The cost for these was so low for two end tables.
Otherwise very stable.
Overall it was a good experience and would recommend since even though you bought the item and you would have minor problems, customer service would be willing to help you no matter what which is the best part about this item.
Because we are using this shelf as a nursery, we really liked the added support!
Very sturdy and very easy to put together.
Nevertheless, the construction is sturdy and it’s an awesome deal for under $300!
I was disappointed when I saw it fully assembled because it’s tiny
Fits my three 24” displays with plenty of wiggle room.
It is perfect for office work and study as it has enough space for both computer and keeping lamp, books and stationary, still having space to study at peace.
Had no problem assembling it.
When I received the table I was pleased with how well it was packaged and how easy it was to assemble.
To add to that the box came completely destroyed and we will be unable to send it back if necessary.
they do shed a bit.
Easy assembly
Material is about on par with something you'd expect at this price, cheap particle board that scratches and shows wear very easily.
I have a desk job - that requires typing at computer - this chair helps with posture and helps my lower back issues.
The instructions could have used much better illustrations, but otherwise they're easy to understand.
Allen key bit into the heads of the screws with authority.
This desk was perfect for my 13 year-old son's bedroom for virtual learning.
Didn’t want to wait for a replacement since they have been on back order and they were again as soon as I placed the order for this one.
Feels supportive and sturdy.
The back rests recline separately if you wish, 3 positions- upright to midway to full flat.
The chair is easy to assemble and rolls well.
I bought it to stage my house, it met my needs.
* It is difficult to raise the back up after laying down.
The assembly instruction book is easy to follow.
I'm hoping some pads I ordered resolves it.
It’s a nice table.
Would recommend if you are on a budget and need something simple!
This chair, though tall enough and rated for 330lbs, is clearly NOT designed for a large person.
All in all, I would 100% recommend this table.
Easy to put together and seems like it's going to be really durable
The arm had a small scrap but not bad.
If you don't mind the above 'issues', then it's a decent chair for the price (I've had it for a couple months as of this review).
The squeaks aren't loud, although any type of exercise on the bed will also cause squeaks, non-stops squeaks, but so far there are no squeaks during sleep or moderate movements.
After adjusting the height it just sinks most of the way when I sit down.
I was able to put it together by myself and it was easy to follow directions.
It's cost effective, contemporary stylish.
The cushions are bouncy, which helps with long-term sitting.
If you think you can get a solid wood desk for $80 you're nuts.
I've used it consistently since Covid lead to consistent working from my home office.
mattress fit like a glove!
The metal support won’t allow  the screw in the hole.
My table was delivered today, and it exceeds my expectations.
Fast polite email response to questions.Highly recommended.
I like the casters and the arm rests.
None of this was a particularly big deal to me, as I keep plenty of screws on hand and have a husband who is happy to help and owns a power drill.
The assembly was quick and easy - the only part that was a little tricky was the back panel for the drawer because the holes were drilled in the wrong place.
Perfect for the price!
Eventually, I found this chair and fell in love.
Way too expensive for the quality.
First I wish there was a little more room (width wise) and the the table kind of stinks.
Really comfortable chair for a very reasonable price.
It isn't nearly as soft as my coworker's Italian leather sofa of a very similar style, but it is completely passable and probably depends more on preference.
I liked this table so much I bought a second one.
Updated: customer service provided two sets of wheels in time and one of them works fine.
These were perfect in our living room.
I had absolutely no problems with odor, and he did not complain either.
I put my cats bed on top of it .Bought it for her and is just the perfect height and width for her .Easy to assemble and sturdy .
The only thing I would change is that the cushion goes flat very fast.
Would purchase again
Still nice though!
Without releasing any of my upward pressure on the shelf, I repeated these steps on the corner diagonal to the one I had just attached.
The shelves are much thicker than I was expecting.
Held together with screws.
I would definitely recommend!
Drapes over the couch nicely but tucking is a pain.
This desk fit the bill perfectly.
A pretty decent size for what you pay.
Once assembled though this piece is great!
However, it has stopped moving up nor down and I am currently stuck at a height that is too high when I am seated and too low when I am standing.
Attractive.
Sturdy desk.
I can’t really complain about it.
Looks good.
Not the highest quality chair clearly.
I was able to put the table together myself in about 20 minute.
I got this chair for my birthday about a little over a year ago.
Just what we needed to fit under a full loft bed.
I contacted the company and they were very good about responding.
Good size but is on the smaller side.
I ordered a highly rated lumber add-on today once I realized it was not going to work "out of the box."
For what it cost, I feel it's a great deal.
Even after an hour or so my back was hurting.
It would be good if they came with "Scotch Guard" already applied to the surface.
this has got to be the easiest desk I have ever put together.
Now it will not be tired even after a whole day of online class.
When sitting for an extended period of time.
Super great chair, i was skeptical at first due to some negative reviews but the chair came in perfect condition and had no trouble building it.
I had to call customer service twice and each time the rep was professional, helpful and understanding.
The seat is specially surface treated to prevent slippage.
This chair is great.
And I didn't know it had a lumbar massager.
I would NOT let a little kid play on this thing!
I don't know what I expected for the price $30 for two of these I'm not too mad.
At UPS they said it would cost 70$ just for the shipping!
Love it- wish I got the bigger one but this works for the price.
Metal slides were pre-assembled and I couldn't pull them apart, so I was unable to secure the table slides with all 3 required screws.
This is probably when the chair was most useful but obviously had no back support.
I deducted one star because of this issue.
Easy to assemble.
And thanks to issues with stocking I wasn't able to get the replacement part which was a board that was technically a leg.
Very pleased with this purchase.
It's only a matter of time before those rip through and start poking me.
The problem is the longevity.
The installation is been fairly easy.
One thing I do have to mention is that the file cabinet requires the longer sized cabinet and will not fit the standard size.
It comes with all the needed tools and supplies!
This might have been a deal breaker if you were without a drill and inexperienced in assembling things.
A very nice looking comfortable chair.
A decent product.
The assembly was mostly very easy, other than the placement of the seat cushions.
Overall great value for the money!
It came together quickly.
Seat could use more padding.
When I tried to return it, the seller went silent until I contacted Amazon, and they contacted them on my behalf.
Hope this chair can last me for a while.
Like I said, I put it together by myself, and I'm not a hands-on man.
A little bit smaller than I thought, but is adequate!
It can get a little warm in the back of the chair since its all leather, maybe some ventilation of some kind back there would help.
The pillows zip into the couch which is a very nice feature, and the seat cushions come sewn in which I really love!
Great product overall and would buy it again- the only problem is that the wood boards have a dent where they connect and all the crumbs from breakfast continue to accumulate there- making it hard to wipe...
Larger, padded arm rests is appreciated.
I would recommend this to anyone with a low back pain problem.
This chair would be annoying enough to use for an hour long meeting but is terrible for everyday use.
Now that I'm working from home full time, I needed a better chair
Very heavy to carry (55 pounds!)
I bought this chair and it was extremely stiff and would not sit back easily at all.
Dad likes it alot.
I noticed the arms were not as straight as they used to be within the past few weeks and made a conscious effort to make sure I was not leaning on them, but either the chair was defective from the get go or it was too late to act.
Great purchase.
This memory foam mattress is very comfortable, folds up fine, gets its shape back quickly when unfolded.
Would definitely order from this Company again.
Wow, the quality of the material is amazing.
First one arrived damaged, bought two more, which were fine.
Basic size chair.
I spent a lot of time trying not to strip the bolts before I realized the provided allens were losing their edges under surprisingly little stress.
So on day #2 I went to the PO to pick up the desk.
If I jack the chair up to maximum height, it's still a tad shy of this goal.
The color and pattern are perfect, dimensions (28"H x 28"W x 12"L) are nearly perfect for what I'm using it for.
These are great replacement wheels for the standard rolling swivel chair.
This is a quality product and well worth the cost.
LIKED: I loved the marble design and the gold.
I find there's too much empty space between the seat and the back of the chair for me to feel comfortable with.
With a slide out for the keyboard.
:( FInally got it done and felt 10 years older.
The island is fine, reasonably sturdy and seems like it would hold up well.
Great value for the price, too!
The only negative thing is there were some discolorations on one of the legs.
I think most likely they just didn't have the boards oriented the right way.
I'm sure I can just loosen everything, adjust, and re-tighten.
IT IS AN EXCEPTIONAL QUALITY PRODUCT, AND THE PRICE WAS REASONABLE.
Desk is very sturdy and was assembled in 5 mins.
Some where saying this isn’t sturdy but I’d disagree.
I am very satisfied with the final product in both practicality and aesthetics.
I had read reviews prior to purchasing this so I expected to to be small just not smaller than my 1 year old puppy.
For $40 ea, I could not have asked for a better nightstand.
I don't really know though because I'm on carpet so any wheel is crap :) all and all seems good for the price.
This desk was less than $300 I could of paid $700+ but rather pay less amount and have a line down the center.
This chair was relatively simple and quick to assemble.
smaller than expected, Howe we was easy to assemble and is very sturdy.
Very sturdy and I love the look of it in my little home office.
I bought this since I am working from home since the pandemic started and it hasn't let me down yet.
Overall I am pleased with the chair, as it looks expensive, feels comfortable, and is sturdy.
The chair is good but the headrest zipper broke after 2 days 😔😔😔
Bought this nightstand to go with my other black furniture in the bedroom.
I bought this table since I needed to put my portable AC on top of it so it can reach the window (I live in a basement apartment).
This is a great desk at this price.
I did not love this chair.
es funcional el armado un poco no es difícil pero tampoco es tan fácil generalmente la estructura no es tan firme tampoco no se recomienda mucho peso, es bueno para espacio pequeño de la utilidad de lo pequeño y lo como como tal
Super easy to assemble, just basically unpack the box and screw on the four legs to the table top.
I wanted a standing desk for my home office.
Since I was sent home to work because of COVID-19 I needed to get a better chair to sit in every day/all day.
The drawers are a tiny bit off, but it does allow you to adjust them with a bit of work, but I didn't find it noticeable at all.
I also agree with other reviewers that the arm rests are too low to be useful, my elbows cant even reach them.
I would definitely recommend this product!
These are a really good price and so easy to put together.
It was easy to assemble and I love the coloring of the legs.
All in all its more trouble than I really wanted to have to deal with.
They put the majority of the parts in the backrest.
Also, I was hoping the brown finish was a durable plastic, but that's not the case at all.
Bought this to fill a empty space in my kitchen.
I kept in the box the base without the wheels, the seat and the backrest, all other parts I brought in a separate luggage.
This is my favorite chair!
With this table he can adjust any position most comfortable for him.
Amazing for the price.
The quality is decent.
Looks nice.
Putting the back part might be the most challenging but overall... simple.
Wood cracked in several places when I tried putting it together.
No specifically chose this chair with no arms since I use a small desk for my sewing machine.
I contacted amazon, who tried to contact the manufacturer to send the missing leg, but they could not reach them.
Fine for a child but not for any adults.
I guess you get what you pay for.
I hate writing reviews but felt compelled because it’s well worth the money for under $200.00
Easy and quick to assemble.
So first off, A+ on the packaging and presentation.
Great chair for those of us who can't afford herman miller chairs and just want a good chair to relax in for 8-12 hrs a day.
Not sure if it’s mentioned in the description here, but it holds 10lbs per shelf.
It looks much more expensive than it is and it fit my needs perfectly.
If you are a giant of a person,  you may not fare as well in it.
Not easy to clean.
Thank you Rivet!
Purchased different kind completely after return.
I think most of the reviews are from people who just got the chair and we're happy to have gotten through the instructions.
I use this chair in the evenings when I do some gaming a few days a week.
Pillow comes completely off base.
If it weren't for that, the crib would be perfect!
Once assembled and moved to kitchen there was a bit of wobble but that may be due to my floor and I fixed it pretty easily.
I bought this for my small office at home.
The chair assembly was doable but the visuals could be improved.
I think all the chairs of this caliber look similar so no big deal there.
The lumbar support is excellent and the curved arms allow me to slide up a little closer to my desk.
It was an amazing chair and very comfortable, however, after around 3 years the seat started ripping open and the vinyl started tearing releasing the foam and therefore make a huge amount of the foam that was once in the seat stick out of the front of it.
I’ve been having unrelated back problems for a while now, but I’ve noticed that within about 5 minutes of sitting in this chair, my back pain is aggravated about 100%
Poor poor quality!
Parts of the couch fit together nicely, legs were zipped into the bottom of the cushions, and do not require tools - twist on.
It was supsose to be 53” and it is only 51” I thought it might expand over time but nope.
This took my daughter and I at least an hour to put together, if she was not helping it would have been much longer.
Seats six comfortably.
It's a bit heavy so it won't get knocked or out of place accidentally.
If you have an impact drill and the correct allen bit, this thing goes together without any hassle.
I didn't know that the lumbar support could also be raised, besides screwed in and out...
You really want to spend a bit extra on a good chair so you do not end up with neck-ache or backache later on (which happened to me after using previous chair for only 1 week).
Simple lines and quick to assemble.
When I opened the box pieces of wood immediately fell out every in our house.
Great idea.
Perfect for a home office.
Pro: The chair is soft to the touch, comfortable but not melt in your seat sinking into a memory foam bed comfortable.
Based on other reviews, I was expecting stiff cushions.
I purchased this as a flash deal (under 50 bucks), so its not expected to be a $200 commercial-grade chair.
The side panels do not indicate which is up or down ( up is the inner side with the wider holes) and so I accidentally built the first one upside down and had to restart.
The Turismo may be an inch or so bigger, but it’s close.
Additionally, 4 of the 5 had damage, from smashed corners to a shattered desktop.
Otherwise I would recommend.
Great table
but overall with the harbor freight blanket i stuffed it with its a really nice chair lol ...................note harbor freight moving blankets is like 5$ just an fyi (decent padding folded up makes lots of padding)
The roll out table for the keyboard is actually more sturdy than I expected, just don’t lean on it, I’ve had some computer tables in the past where railing for the keyboard table gets destroyed form heavy use, I don’t feel this happening anytime soon.
They are not chinsey.
My husband and I are constantly banging our feet into it when we sit down on the couch.
It's a gnarly tear, too, with the solid foam tearing out as well, making sitting even more irritating.
Company seems to be very responsive.
We bought two when we realized my husband and I would both be working from home.
After I had this chair for about a year, the rubber that the wheels connect to began to deteriorate.
I am the largest person in my family being 6'1" and 190lb and I feel that my weight should not of caused two weld points to snap.
Perfect for small rooms
I don't even care at this point if I get my money back or not, but had to share this.
The only complaints I really have are that setting it up alone is somewhat difficult and the cushions wear out rather quickly.
It’s sturdy and works well.
I love this bench.
This is going in the trash.
The mattress was just what we needed.
I am sure we will be replacing it in a few months.
It looks great and functions very well.
Amazing desk for under $100.
You do need a counter height stool or drafting chair.
Very easy to put together.
They are not huge but they are a good side table for a lamp and remote.
My desk is lab height and the chair at maximum height falls short by a few inches.
Rookie mistake on my part.
The only part I really care about looking nice and it arrived scratched.
Great chair for the money.
It’s worth every penny
I don't know how it got so many high reviews.
You can’t beat the price.
I also didn't like it was lower than I like but I was able to deal with it.
No gel foam smell.
I'm a woman in my 30's.
I like that you can adjust the height of the mattress and that the headboard has some nice detail work.
It's made with great material so I expect it will last a long time.
Next, the little pouch thing that goes on the side has misaligned holes where the screws go it.
all it took was 10 screw (8 under the seat and 2 to hold back together with hand rest).
I put this desk together in about 15 minutes, and the instructions are very clear with a special emphasis on using the correct screws to prevent the bubbling people have mentioned.
It's a comfortable chair.
Really nice table and very easy to assemble.
Great daily chair for those of us working from home now.
If you have childbearing hips, or are just bigger in the hip area, this isn’t going to be a chair you want.
It's heavy and sturdy.
It is a little firm, but comfort levels dont suffer from it.
Amazing desk!
Decent budget buy for the cost.
I would not recommend this product for anyone expecting it to withstand typical usage.
The left arm already has a divot where my arm constantly rests (relaxed or typing) which isn't a good sign for the padding.
The screws/nails for the backing boards are very small and fragile so be careful when putting them in.
Got it undamaged, no venners all stained wood finish.
It was fairly easy to assemble despite looking like a million pieces.
It had the features he wanted and it would be there within two days.
Customer service was excellent and sent part asap.
Stay centered and your good.
Parts fit tightly.
Not sure how I did it without an extra arm or two buuut I managed.
It's a solid chair, just not for us heavier humans, 220lbs and over.
It is also very narrow.
I have my lamp being charged on it as well as my cell phone and laptop!
It is sturdy and fits a corner nicely.
As for my order, the table top was crushed in the middle but it's very small and not much of bother.
Her and her husband loved it.
Don't waste your time.
It swivels and rocks too (great for when you’re a little mad) and the arms that go up and down means it’s easy to tuck under my desk/dining table looks great too ( the chrome makes it look fancy.
I'm a student.
It's a great budget couch for our little apartment.
Setup took me about 10-15 minutes.
Would recommend.
I probably could have purchased a cheaper desk and been as happy
Base 1st put in position then the top.
I don't prime and opted for the free standard delivery and got it in 24 hours!
Should have a picture of item though on the actual directions because it makes assembling much easier.
My apartment has tile floor and my old terrible chair struggled to move anywhere, often getting tiny wheels stuck in the grooves of the tile.
We will wait and see.
I don't use the USB ports and not a fan of the space above the storage area that is wasted space for me...I'd rather it be another drawer.
It is a really nice desk.
When it is "folded up" I have to just keep it as 2 separate pieces because the screws haven't secured the top of the desk so it just falls off.
Junk welds on legs, legs welded on crooked.
Building these can be fun =].
This coffee table is actually way more beautiful than I thought it would be.
It's not a huge table so any decent size printer will take up the majority of the top and I like that it sits lower than the desk.
The assembly instructions were easy to follow.
Also, with five for this price, I doubt I'll need a new badge holder for a few years.
I read the other reviews and decided to purchase this table.
So I feel like I'm leaning to the side all the time.
Good quality & very sturdy!
Great back support.
Within less than 2 weeks, it started leaking oil from the base and then it stopped rising too.
Not the best quality for the price.
For gaming it would be comfortable enough for those long  stretches but overall this is replacing a work chair at my home office.
We have had two guests since we purchased this, and they both said that was much more comfortable than the innerspring mattress.
I finally was like what the heck if it’s crappy I’ll return it.
Did not look like picture of back.
The only issue with this cover is even while using the foam pieces it will not stay in place.
Ended up just buying the wheels from somewhere else.
me arrepentí de la compra
Good for movie nights with friends you don’t like very much.
We had to unassemble it and send it back, and the whole thing was a real pain.
First off I love these tables.
I ended up using  a smaller allen wrench as pilot tool in order to get the armrrest hole lined up with the threads in the seat back.
The product was missing all the screws and parts to hold the back in.
The table itself is very sturdy and  the C side design saves a lot room.
However, if you plan on adding attachments/equipment (things for streaming, broadcasting, or gaming), I would look at another desk, otherwise, you'll just find issues trying to get your set up put together.
They stay in place and give a good support for the mattress.
Didn't have any instructions on how to put it all together.
When I built the chairs, I had to pull a staple out of one of the thread holes beneath the cushion.
Good chair and excellent support- had issue and they sent replacement parts.
Comparing to all the $500 desks this one is a good choice:)
It is all real wood as far as I can tell.
Yes, the desk holds together wonderfully (although the assembly and the instructions were...
It has a very small footprint (no arms) so if you're in a small or cramped home office it would work better than something more traditional (with arms).
but im not disappointed because it doesnt wobble and it hold exactly how much i need it to hold.
I had one of those plastic lifetime tables that I used as a computer desk for while.
Very happy with purchase
The edges on the drawer are very sharp too.
Because of the price, I was so worried that this couch would be a POS, but it's absolutely not.
Was very easy to assemble as are most chairs.
Should have gone with the espresso even though it looks black in the pictures.
The colors are a bit bright (I got the blue & white one), but since it's in my basement, it's not a problem.
Easy to assemble Super comfortable great value for your money
Assembly was fairly straight forward with little effort.
The drawers don't line up right - the bottom drawer rubs the and there's about a 3/8" gap between the two drawers - and the cabinet door on the opposite side also rubs.
Not bad for my first delve into gaming chairs.
I am 5’6”, for reference.
It’s a nice desk when put together for the price, but wouldn’t buy again
However, as the school year started (I'm a teacher) and I ended up spending many long hours in this chair many days in a row, I found out that the chair wasn't as good as I thought.
Great product。I will buy it again when I need to replace the other chair of my office
Delivery was great, too.
It looks way more expensive than $15.
Im pretty sure, as long as i never jump on it, it might last me a while.
I bought a set of two as nightstands for my apartment bedroom and they're perfect!
She even offered to air it and I was like DO NOT spend that extra money and told them ground was fine.
The couch looks like a higher end couch that would normally costs much more.
Even though the desk top is 29.5” long there is a good portion of that space you can’t use.
Overall assembly time was almost an hour.
I just had one mishap because I didn't see that the "mechanism" is labeled with "FRONT" so I initially installed it backwards.
Set it up and one day later the frame gave out and collapsed.
Looking to furnish your brand new house/apartment?
If anything changes in the quality I will do an updated review.
It does table things.
I'm very happy with this and would order it again.
Great little table!
Item arrived broken.
Also the product was very dusty, must be for outdoor office.
Still not a bad table and yes I would recommend for someone who needs a very small table
NO KIDDING!
I call the toll free number and nothing (it is a weekend, but still) Sent an email.
Good price but not that comfortable
I keep seeing other reviews showing there was easy step by step directions so I guess mine just did not come with them.
It’s a chair.... it should be comfortable to sit in and it’s not.
It was then delivered promptly within the timeframe the second time.
Really bad.
I'm incredibly disappointed.
This table is perfect for what we wanted it for.
I am definitely surprised at the quality of fabric and overall construction.
I did not assemble it, I’m 3rd trimester pregnant, but only took 3 hours
so amazing and extremely comfortable, more importantly breaths and ventilates!
Nice chair for the price, east to put together, comfortable too.
In addition to that; I used thicker and longer nails, along with some of the supplied nails to ensure the back was fully attached and secure.
This is a good deal.
However, this couch is awesome!
Was easy to assemble and is very sturdy.
Thanks to COVID-19, I was authorized to work from home for a few months.
Never arrived.
Easy instructions and easy to assemble.
Once it was time to put the seats on the chairs and the wood on the table i could not finish.
I'm also about 330lbs.
So happy my table came except my package was damaged by carrier and the hardware to assemble my table was no where to be found 😭😭😭
I love these.
The sofa is not comfortable.
My only draw back is that it's not quite as tall as the pics made it look.
The wheels are stiff on wood so the chair stays in its place and doesn't move easily so a mat wont be necessary.
The holes are pretty noticeable and looks really bad :(
DO NOT BUY.
It is sturdy yet light.
The table is a lot smaller than I thought it would be, but there is plenty of room for four place settings and to put food in the center.
I was nervous it would be too large for my apartment area but it’s perfect!
Other manufacturers should take note of this!
After struggling for an hour on arm attachment, I finally said screw it and unattached one arm from the base and reattached it to the back FIRST, then continued the assembly rather effortlessly.
All of the pieces were the correct length.
Fits well in my space.
Highly recommend.
I will never buy furnature online again.
Anyhow- I bought this because my remote working was longer than intended, and to make this saga worse, the minute I assembled the chair I got an e-mail to report back to work full time.
I’m very happy with this console table.
Considering the price of this table set, the quality of the chairs is not acceptable.
You can fit anything about 12" tall or less underneath (the top & bottom bars of the frame take away about two inches of space, so a large 14" suitcase that can squish a little works but an actual 14" plastic bin won't fit!)
Few pieces were not labelled but I figured it out.
This nightstand is small, but it's great for the price.
There should be absolutely no reason to need nuts for these bolts.
every pieces came covered with bubble wrap, i don't know why there were so many dents and black marks on the pieces.
The color too.
Practical little table, keep it by my chair and it can hold everything I need and like.
Filing drawers- they be gone too!
Good value for the money.
Tried repositioning screws to see if it was just me but the same issue ensued.
Back support seems to be ok but I can tell the seat will require some extra cushioning before too long (I'm on day 3).
I'm sure I could sleep on here, although I'd probably throw a comforter over first.
I was surprisingly happy with this table.
I think I waited too long and when the angular support held by the wing nut fell off the legs freely collapsed inwards and then sheared.
Nice office chair and good price.
Altogether, a good value for the money!
Easy to put together and looks good
I am using it from a week everything they mentioned in description is correct.
I finally decided to keep it.
I’m not saying it’s bad.
I am an adult using a normal computer chair and it just barely allows me to slide under the desk while seated.
Seriously, I started assembling this desk and thought "oh it's not so bad" UNTIL I came to the last step.
If you try and reverse it, the dimensions are off and the tops are tilted- it can be fixed with the adjustable pads at the bottom, but it's not perfect and its very shaky.
I purchased it for use as a 32" TV stand.
The distance between the armrests is almost as bad as an airline seat, if you are a heavyweight person look for a wider chair than this.
Can't recommend but I won't say don't buy it.
Easy to assemble.
I will let it sit next to my sofa.
Buyer beware!
I usually find that the Amazon basics are as good or better than the product that they are competing with, however in this case it seems they fell a bit short.
i was missing the instructions which I had to get hold of them so they could email them over.
Works great
Love the fact that it has electric built in.
I should have read the dimensions a bit better...
A better mechanism would have longer arms and come up and toward you farther.
Once you add the top shelf the table will become sturdy.
It's well thought out and well designed and seems to be quite sturdy.
The only thing is that my kids (I don't know which one I have five) made a small scratch on the glass but it's not too bad.
Not sure how I missed that important detail.
The first time they were delivered one end table was broken on  the bottom corner and had to be exchanged.
For what it's worth, I'm not a big person.
Also if you are tall dont plan on lounging on the l shape part.
The finished product did not look like the picture.
It's a little small in the width (I like to cross my legs), but overall pretty great
Ikea would be a much cheaper but same quality product.
Otherwise works fine.
We just had to do something for my teenager while he is distance learning.
explained that you had to pull the corners even while you tighten the screws connecting the rails.
I think I made a great choice- especially for the price.
But each of those steps is very simple.
Overall, we are very pleased with this purchase.
It looks orderly and charming.
Do not buy this.
So far, I'm glad I did.
It was really easy to put together except the mallet part because they're not evenly in but it's really good
So, if your looking for a deep sofa that feels medium firm (no springs) for laying on this is it.
Super easy to install.
He's 6 so it's a little big for him, but a pillow behind his back makes it work.
Packing upon arrival may have been missing one item; I'm sorry I don't remember what it was but it was not so important that I wasn't able to still assemble everything.
(I just tightened everything down).
I've been using them for about a month now and my back pain has vanished.
Great desk for the money.
Very sturdy and definitely looks moire expensive then it was.
This is my 6th and final month with the chair, I sat down and first thing I noticed compared to any other chair, when sitting on it, it feels like you want to slide off the front of the chair from how forward facing it is, the seat has screws facing into your bottom so you feel them when sitting, the wings of the chair press the sides of your thighs, and the back is completely straight, only arch is the pillow for your back.
Awesome desk easy to setup moves up and down very smoothly.
I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because the color of the pieces were not as consistent as I would have liked.
Would definitely recommend
So far I have had it for about 1.5 months and I can honestly say I'm very pleased with it.
The bottom was heavily scratched upon arrival but I chose not to return it since my kids will probably scratch it anyway.
I don't recommend this chair to anyone, save up some money and invest into buying a more expensive gaming chair but guaranteed good quality.
It came with no tools to assemble..il change this rating when it is settled..we shall see..didnt like the Google voice number from Chicago as contact number also
Overall great chair.
I love how it looks my kids do as well.
They did deliver it on time and it is a great product, nice L desk.
Putting it together wasn't terrible, but definitely took way longer than advertised.
Easy to build took only 15 minutes.
When we checked online to report to Winsome that there were missing parts, the site indicated that it would be up to 10 days to receive missing parts.
Overall, I'd get it again but if the door way was a bit wider I would have gone with one of 30 other options I was considering.
Wasn’t difficult to assemble but one of the screw holes on one of the legs was stripped.
We are going to order a second one for our other living area.
You will have to seat very straight.
Well worth the money.
Ok, so I'm on the hunt for beds yet again for my kids as they grow and we move.
I’m unsure if that is healthy or what that is exactly.
Easy to assemble.
I won't recommend this product.
Perfect for small places.
This table is perfect for our small space.
Easy to assemble as long as you stick to the instructions and really pay attention to what you're doing.
For the money, absolutely awesome purchase.
I was hesitant buying a couch on amazon, but it all worked out.
My only wish is that it came in a darker/cherry color to match my other office furniture.
Safe to say, I will not be using the free return, as I am in love with my couch!
i didn't think of adding anything to that part of the room, in between two windows.
I put this chair together after a 10 hour work day it took me 30- 45 mins tops!
It easily supports a larger man (250+).
Lastly, I’m just outside of the free part replacement warranty and the reclining steel section on the right side is now broken.
For the price you can beat it.
Comfortable.
I was worried about buying a desk from Amazon but after reading all the reviews i couldn’t resist!
I truly appreciate the idiot-proof instructions!
One is for a 400 sq ft studio apartment, which required a small footprint.
All in all a substantial, quality, well made piece and it looks beautiful.
I now despise this chair and dread having to work in my home office.
So, no, for 100 bucks, absolutely not worth it.
The downsides.
Which in itself is useless for this "type" of desks.
It's a great value and perfect for my needs.
There is no upper support.
Assuming it stays in one piece, it's great.
The legs were in a little compartment built into the sofa's underside.
Beautiful !!
So far, it hasn't been an issue.
This chair swivels, rolls, reclines, adjusts to height, has padded arm rests that adjust with the reclinging feature.
After arriving and attempted assembly, we were left without piece 11 and instead received two piece 9s, making the whole desk unable to be put together.
Assembly was doable solo, but step 2-1 would probably be easier with an extra pair of hands.
Upon putting the frame together, I discovered it was packaged with a missing beam.
Liked it so much I ordered another one.
Sturdy wise it won't hold anything way to heavy stuff but it holds my 32" tv and my PS4.
The cushion is thinner and does not offer that much support.
I love the fact that the angles are adjustable but honestly they need more adjustment angles.
Can’t seem to find something I like better.
It was NOT worth it.
Sturdy chairs.
great side table
I reached out and asked them if they replace parts, they said no.
This is a no-frills piece and is simply an end table.
Some padding might be nice, but not worth fussing over.
Very comfy when sitting for long periods of time.
It was easy to put together and did not take too long.
So affordable!
Easy to setup and use
Also it was easy to assemble.
We have had nothing but problems with it.
Considering I built furniture, desks and desktops this month, this chair was a nice and easy task to end my projects.
Our little one started out in the babyletto minicrib which was great but I was looking forward to having a standard crib.
To be clear, this is my first chair of this style and I read plenty of reviews of this specific chair.
I love these tables.
This little table is so cute!
You can decide for yourself how much torque you imagine I was generating on these to cause them to fail and snap into pieces.
I am extremely happy with them!
it is going to leave a spot
While installing the legs I noticed that the wood blocking around the inset bolt on one corner was cracked.
Very easy to assemble.
In addition to that, the desk top bolts to the frame with regular bolts and no washers.
If you have multiple people, you’ll have it put together in no time.
I guess it's fine for a few nights but not for a long-time setup.
The drawer can go in the top or bottom slot.
This will be going in a spare room because I don't think it would hope up with daily usage over a long period of time.
Reviews I read ahead of time were spot on correct.
I got both the chair & the ottoman (be sure to read the size of the ottoman before buying!)
If you're a bigger person like I am, look for something else.
Love this desk, it is sturdy and holds two monitors!
I received the desk quickly, took about a week.
the company will not sell replacement parts, or even tell you what size you need for parts like the hole in the mechanism for the cylinder to fit into.
They are very sturdy.
I cannot find any warranty on this chair or how to reach Kathy Ireland Office.
The hinge feels solid.
The highest setting puts the lumbar support at my shoulder blades, the lowest setting is at the center of my back, not the lumbar region.
Assembly - 1/5 Stars About half the screw holes did not fit the screws and were a struggle to get the screw into.
Once it’s together this thing is really sturdy I should add.
A absolutely great chair if you enjoy no cushioning in a seat that horribly punishes you if you move.
The chair lives up to all positive reviews.
Since COVID19 I’ve been working from home and will be for a while, so I decided to be something comfy, this chair is easy to put together and super comfortable which is absolutely value for the money.
I don’t entertain often and like to leave my dining room for dancing so this allows me to do both.
Easy to put together, and great size!
Laptop fits perfect and was very simple following the instructions provided.
As a Water Well Drilling Contractor for the last 35+ years!
The pillows which were supposed to provide support only made me feel like I was being pushed forward, and the chair back was not comfortable.
If you are wearing shorts or have skin touching the seat for long periods of time, they will become irritated due to the fabric texture I was used to wearing a back brace since this is my upgrade from a literal wooden kitchen chair, but I was hoping I wouldn't have to wear it while gaming/streaming anymore.
THIS product works!
The foam is hard and is barely thick enough to support my 170lb 16 yr old brother as he even said its very uncomfortable after only sitting in it for 5 minutes.
Easy to assemble, extra tools included and clear instructions.
It fits perfectly well in my dinning area.
Maybe I'm easily amused.
It kinda squeaks when you lean way back in it but other than that it is a good cheap chair and want to see how it is going to hold up.
A lot of leg room and efficient use of top space.
The benches slide under the table saving quite a bit of space.
Depending on the material of that rod it could be prone to rust, and the same issue is possible for the motor housing in the left leg.
If they could make it with out the arms the chair would look a lot better.
Easy to put together.
Easy to setup.
Photo shows some natural edge dings on the wood, but a flawless black set of legs.
Good fit for us.
I love this!
I bought every color of it and the black is the best in my opinion!
The chair is very attractive and it's super comfortable.
This is not a comfortable chair.
It was super simple to assemble.
As others have stated, I can confirm that the directions for assembly are essentially useless.
I have scoliosis, and by this chair not reclining between two points reliably, this chair causes me to be in severe pain on a daily basis.
Will need a hammer to bump down shipping staples.
I think I won’t buy heavy furniture online ever again.
It seems the arms loosen intermittently,  I'm going to put a tougher threadlock on them than the regular blue.
Nice color.
There are very thorough reviews on this bench so I will just address a couple things.
A lot of room to work on
Not the most comfortable chair in the world for me, but loads better than my previous setup.
It will not be adjusted as often as my primary desk.
Comfortable seat and back.
It took 31 minutes to assemble.
The color is great and I am very pleased with the outcome!
The arm rests are sturdy enough to support all of my weight when standing or sitting.
I sit normally and weigh around 180 pounds, and i am sure it is not from anything i am doing.
I have the chair all together all of 4 - 5 hours and I am very disappointed that once you lock the seat tilt in place, if you move around or lean forward the seat does not stay in place.
Straight forward putting it together but it's best to have your own tools because the ones provided are inadequate, particularly for one long winded screw that is hard to get to.
Perfect couch for a small living space.
The back support was a too low for me to use, would not reach the curve of my back.
The screw for the pull knob was missing.
It is not a high priced chair so even if it last only a few years no big deal , I will just buy a new one .
It is sturdy.
I've been using it for months and there have been no issues at all - and the mesh hasn't torn anywhere after heavy use!
It was delivered quickly, too!
I never write reviews, but I felt I needed to for this.
Zip zip zip done.
A little annoying, but we're so happy with how everything else turned out it's not a huge deal.
Assembled in about 15 minuted.
reasonable.
Wood is cheap and the nails and screws aren’t durable enough!!!
Directions were straightforward, parts were labeled well, and pieces fit together as they should.
It even comes with a carry tote which will keep it clean for storage.
Affordable price, superrrr easy to assemble (everything fit together perfectly!)
Noticed after assembling (took an hour) that the item is damaged, which is evident it happened during manufacture.
I have a YouTube channel and like to game so from having a cheap Walmart desk that barley fits my laptop and my other monitor on a shoe  rack,it’s a huge upgrade.Its a unique design and was easy to build.Now I have more room and I could cable manage behind the piece of wood in the leg room space.
There's nothing like a good quality seat to give you comfort as you do your work.
So annoying!
Ordered this chair for my son to replace his old chair.
But I sit here for 10 plus hours at least 5 days a week so it's worth it.
I do have my PC on the smaller end of the desk which has no problem.
Not only are these incredibly cheap looking and flimsy, but I had one table's insert caps snap three different times while trying to screw the pole into the top panel during assembly.
It totally took us less than an hour to set up.
I just needed a small table to put between a couple of simple chairs.
I was scratching up my floor with a wooden chair, so decided to grab one of these.
Very happy with the couch.
screwing in all the bolts was a headache but when I was finished it was worth it!
Or maybe they aren't lugging it up a few flights of stairs.
It fits the mattress.
Beware the chair arms in the back of the chair back very odd place I actually thought they were missing and had started a return OMG!
We are now working from home and I needed a more comfortable chair.
So if you have a tall bed or a really big couch, using this table will be awkward.
Needed a desk because of mandated work from home.
I purchased this chair, it had a tear in the head rest but they replaced it quickly.
It has raised edges so I can't use the full desk space to lay items down flat.
All the fasteners are identified and organized under bubble film including an appropriate Allen wrench.
I have had the chair for a few months now and it is still great.
They are way in the back of the book and right before it tells you not to tighten the ones for steps 9 and 10 and then to tighten the ones for 9 and 11.
I originally bought this chair for my husband to use as we started to work from home.
Not to big.
Up close, it’s pretty cheap looking and I doubt that anyone is going to be fooled into thinking it’s real wood.
I have instead decided to just send it back to Amazon for a refund.
I'm still in it after hours.
The fabric is soft to touch and smooth, but not plush.
Pros: -Cheap -Cushion is and material is decent.
In less than 9 months it is broken down and can not be repaired.
LaTosha AMS - All Mighty Services,  LLC
I am very pleased with this purchase and will be looking at more of this manufacturers products.
This product is poorly made, when it arrived the top fail off right out of the box with only one set of hinges out of two installed...I could have gotten a better product at Dollar General...
The chair quality is reasonable for the price.
Expect more from amazon basics!
Im 21 weeks pregnant and I put this together alone in about an hour.
Basic chair.
Easy to put together.
I still am happy with the chair.
But, it isn't falling apart and the table sits well.
The elephant in the picture for the weight cracks me up!
This is a leather chair which mean easy to to clean,  very strong metal frame design to help seat position.
I wanted fabric since my experience with faux (PU) leather has been that it is not at all durable.
Pleasantly surprised with the quality of this product!
They have failed.
was expecting a little better quality.
Easy to assemble and it looks nice.
May even consider memory foam mattress for bed in bedroom next time needed.
These two middle bars are threaded, so when you add the screw/bolt, it pulls the bed frame together, and tighter.
It's pretty comfortable and we love it.
Easy to assemble, looks nice (does not say s-racer on the chair) and decently comfortable.
You can't remove the armrests either - they're the only thing holding the back on the chair.
Sofa lasted 2 months before all legs broke.
This desk is easy to put together.
Very cute for small space
Nice fit if you have a small apartment.
I have a small back problem and I find it hard to sit this chair for any length of time but for someone who has no back issues it would be no problem as the chair is reasonably comfortable and easy to assemble.
Super small and adorable.
Good quality, simple to assemble.
Very easy to assemble!
I broke one of the anchors during install.
The seat cushion is was little stiff at first but has slightly broken in to provide comfortable support.
I purchased these for my fiancee for Christmas.
It was definitely a test of patience and assembly isn't simply like building legos.
The arms on the Hbada chair are smaller and also may be raised and lowered.
I settled on this one and I am so glad I did!
I am 5’9 and it has good adjustment it can go high and low heights and it’s totally fine and may not have issues.seat is nice and wide and as you are putting it together you can screw in the armrests to be farther apart if needed but I was fine with the regular spot.
When buying this bed, I noticed that a lot of reviews are for spare bedroom beds, which makes it hard when you're looking for something for long term use.
Looks like I paid a lot more for them
Really good for a small home/room/apartment.
I highly recommend this if you're going to use one of these desks for a desktop PC.
Got it as gift for son.
For the price its decent.
has been outstanding in addressing our concerns.
I purchased this chair for my home office.
Very easy to put together.
And unless you're an oversized bear ... you will find the couch sufficient for a small studio or den.
Not a stable desk.
Oh did I mention how fast I received it even during Covid 19?
Already, the chair is in bad shape.
First, if you have a problem with the furniture (mine had a scratch from the the removal of the pallets under them...I could get no where with the company I bought it from thru Amazon.com.
This resulted in having to remove the plastic leg cover.
Given three stars because dimensions, storability, delivery and presentation met expectations, but this product will not be able to be used as a full replacement mattress as advertised, and that is very disappointing.
Waste of time and money.
The arms are stationary, and the molded plastic arms press on her hips and thighs and bruised her.
I should have known better.
There is enough room that I can move back and forth between the two setups with ease and not being crowded.
But, definitely be sure you check that all the pieces are there.
Durable and sturdy
Both of my boxes came trashed and I was quite worried but the packing inside was unscathed.
Kids love this couch.
Every part is extremely well protected for shipping.
It’s much better!
Good buy for the price!
Overall it is a great small desk .
They come assembled but are super flimsy and not sturdy at all.
Bought this for our son and we love it!
Shelves can be improved related to adding like a file rack
Chair has been used for a week and is leaning significantly to one side and causing tremendous back pain.
& what's more, they even included a pair of WHITE GLOVES to wear while assembling the chair!
This worked out perfectly.
Great and comfortable office chair at a very reasonable price
I needed an affordable desk chair that looked sleek and matched my home.
The swing around makes it so easy for me to sit down and get up.
The seat is comfortable.
So this computer desk it very big and it have a lot of space for you to put down two computer and one laptop on the little table that they give you.
Check out the pictures, after 48 hours they still look wrinkly and sucked up.
This means that you are only able to secure one side of each shelf to the support bar.
It was an essential non-tool.
All-in-all, assembly took less than 20 minutes.
This is a game changer for those working from home!
Of course it’s not a chopping block, but I have those to put on top.
The other thing is the material draws a LOT of static.
Well, now we do - and there is still room for more stuff, too!
Also, the cushions are packaged inside of the base of the couch and are held in place using wooden plankA which were a little difficult to remove.
I love this computer Chair to ..
Instruction fail to note that 2 of the legs are different and must be constructed in a specific order.
I gave it two stars because the AC outlets inside work good and the slide out cup holders are still useful.
There are some nicks in the top, but it’s a good value for the money.
I love this couch.
Did come with a small scratch on one corner but other than that it is perfect!
I love a see through mesh back.
I should have ordered the double chair deal!
Already broke.....poorly made....cracked inside the frame.
The quality and assembly instructions are better than the blue store with yellow font and behold!
Three out of the four chairs look like this in the picture.
I'm currently only using two positions, but they work very well.
the seat is great, this is my third chair since corona virus working at home, so i was desperate to find a good chair.
Stick a fat queen in there, 60" + bedding, gets narrow fast.
Now with distance learning happening with my children, this desk comes in handy.
You can pay a whole lot more but if you are looking for functional work space this desk is a great value.
I have been looking to buy a chair for a while.
if you want just small simple tables these are great for some one on a budget
Probably would have been a good purchase if they actually sent everything it should have come with.
Has a little darker (orange/red) hue than expected, but still fits in nicely.
I also can tell I’ll need more cushion for my butt.
I tried to request an exchange "only" for the pillow as I already assembled the chair and it's very heavy but I only get an option to return the entire order.
This is my main sofa and main bed.
There is no lower back support and the seat part is too small for my legs, it fits about half way between my hip and knee, so almost feel like your falling out of chair
Well, it was a good chair while it lasted.
You can tilt back or seat straight and it is comfortable to seat for him-he weights around 200 lb.
It fits a family of four with ease but does not take up much room.
In summary, I like it well enough and I'm using it now.
Just what we needed for a desk.
I absolutely love this, it looks very sturdy but it's so easy to lift up which I love.
However, I love the way the table looks and it fits in my home perfectly.
Seat of the chair is comfortable and the back holds up well to adults leaning back.
Seating for four does look a little tight.
A little expensive but it is well made and had no damage upon delivery.
This table has nice heft and feels solid.
Five star table and vendor!
I’m excited they’ve expanded outside of just beds and are producing tables and desks now!
It's not at all the color it says but it does it job.
The seat is very comfortable.
It fits my work laptop, my personal laptop, a lamp at each end and on the corner, a pen holder, a document holder, and an Alexa Show 5, and there's still plenty of room for writing or whatever else I need a flat surface for.
Easy to assemble and a two drawer file cabinet fits underneath it.
Fantastic quality, quickest dumb-proof assembly and great value!
Great recline to it.
Of course it’s out of the return window.
The only thing I liked was leaning back to read, other than that just don't buy it unless you've tried out a gaming chair in person first.
You get what you pay for and I’m happy with it.
GREAT quality!!!
GREAT PRODUCT
This desk is amazing.
It was super easy to assemble only requiring eight screws.
Surprisingly made really well, and the geometry was perfect 👌 everything fitted just right.
We are so enjoy it.🤗🤗
Will need to use some muscle to screw the legs in tight.
I can tell that the cushions will break down fairly soon by the way I leave an indention after sitting for awhile.
The L shapes desk fits perfect in the corner of the walk in closet.
I highly recommend this set to anyone looking for a comfortable, attractive yet small dining table and regular chairs.
I just couldn't find the right platform for me.
This was a great purchase for our college kid who need some extra surfaces.
It’s cracked on the corner.
It immediately creaks and lowers back.
I'm happy with my desk, the price was right!
I got two of these to put next to each other as a table for our tortoise’s 40 gallon terrarium.
Less then one month, both arm rest broke off.
It fits perfectly in my simple and small room.
I love it !!
So disappointed
I've been sitting in it for at least 3 hours now (as of this writing) on my laptop workstation and I'm not tired or sore or uncomfortable at all.
The headline of this review says it all.
Material light and allows breathing - no heating up of skin.
I purchased because of the price.
Table top was slightly damaged during assembly.
Literally the easiest thing to set up ever!
Ergonomically poor design
The directions were actually VERY easy to follow and I had it put together in less than 10 minutes.
It was easy to assemble by myself.
They’re very nice for the price.
Should you have help, do as you see fit.
Add about 2 inches to the actual measurements.
desk top made of low grade particle board ... easily damaged ... not durable
Fits right next to my bed.
However, I'm 6'2 and the hight on the chair is adjustable.
I put a seat cushion on the seat in order to raise me up to where the armrests are comfortable.
it's a nice looking desk otherwise, and seems sturdy.
-The leather is hot.
After a few months, I started feeling the wire underneath the cushion.
I love this desk!!
But its worth it.
A quality dual-wrench and magnetic screwdriver are included if you have nothing else.
Great surprise!
It does fit my desk needs perfectly.
Removing the stickers is supposed to make the two slats adhere to the bottom of the mattress.
Received chair and all of the parts for assembly are zippered into the back of it (unfortunately)- it makes little sense to do this.
I really like this desk.
Fits perfectly into my platform bed.
All in all great buy for the price!
It would have been nice if there were hinge holes on the opposite side so you could flip the door opening direction.
For that, this deserves 5 stars.
Has a nice clean look .
The legs tighten at the corners near the top of the table.
I only have a laptop and not a full desktop setup, but for my needs it’s an excellent size.
It's okay, but for the price difference, I'd go with a model that lets me keep an open laptop on the lower level so the upper can be a massive monitor.
This product sadly broke a few days after using.
This would be moderately acceptable if there were a viable way to ship this back, but the box is constructed in such a way that you have to cut it to get the desk out, making repacking the desk nearly impossible.
However, it had a horrid smell that lasted at least several days.
Got the bed today, opened it up and was super excited to finally have a new bed.
For the money this desk is worth every penny.
This IS NOT that.
After that just attach and slide the parts on and it's done.
I am thinking of buying another one for my wife.
It was not difficult to assemble - a bit awkward at times with the arms.
I was a little disappointed in the packaging/shipping, the hardware looked as if it had been opened.
You'll thank me in 3 months
At the end of the day, for $30, for a person who does not have a wide back side...you can't beat this chair.
Just be prepared to have a lot of cardboard and foam to dispose of.
Maybe the company will send the missing piece.
But would probably not order again as assembly was harder due to trying to run out and find similar screws to make it all work
This is tiny.
I am in love with the office chair, I recently bought.Its is easy to assemble.super comfortable and realxing.Its is fexible to adjust the height as per needs.Make me feel comfy to sit and work.
They clearly want to make something people like, and it sounds like they are willing to make things right.
Assembled easily and end result was a sturdy table.
Using it in my meditation corner of my room and just so happy with it!
The chair itself is very nice and comfortable, instructions were straightforward and easy to follow.
If you’re just looking for a “for now” thing then this couch is perfect.
I love this DESK!
I was going to buy another chair from somewhere, but I can't bear to fork out hundreds of dollars without being able to sit in it first.
To lower, squeeze the handle and push down.
it is comfortable.
CAT OWNERS: Buy this couch!
After further review, there are better options on amazon with features like ones with feet under the bed out of toes reach, one is also collapsible and will actually take a standard Rubbermaid with the lid on under the bed.i'd post a picture of my toe, but nobody wants to see a bloody foot, Ouch!
Everything was in perfect order, and they even gave an extra screw and bolt and a couple of extra washers.
It is easy to put together, bigger Tha expected, although still small, and surprisingly comfortable.
I sat in it and yes it is comfortable.
I Read the reviews before I Purchased this Product.
Only down side was the chair felt a bit firm.
Screw holes were too big for supplied screws so they did not hold in place and some places were not even drilled for screws.
Rather than the lazy boy for $250.+ or the Serta  for $150.+ If it doesn’t last but a very few years I’ll get my $77.00 worth out of it.
In short I would suggest: get your office chair and boost your work comfort!
The chair is very comfortable.
We even moved across the country with it and took off the legs for travel.
When I saw this Chair’s offer of good support for lower back and ergonomics benefit, I thought I would give it a try.
My back problems went away almost completely.
Second, it stopped staying at the set height.
It not only look great, it is a very sturdy table.
The finished surface top (what is visible) was damaged out of the box.
For the price it’s perfect.
I'm a kinda tall guy at 6ft and I wish my feet could be supported by the leg rest.
The ergonomics did keep your back straight but for me my back started to hurt after a couple hours in the chair doing school work.
I like the size and how it rises on its own and I don’t have to lift it.
I have two monitors, a heavy mid-tower gaming computer, and a laptop with it's dock on this desk with plenty of space left over.
I have another chair that I purchased 10 years ago from a well know supermarket, and that chair feels more comfortable than this chair.
Great quality, very sturdy.
Sofa was easy to assemble, however is very uncomfortable.
I was sent a replacement stool and the same thing happened.
This fit the bill.
They were more solid than I was expecting and can easily hold 20lbs or so of misc.
There are 6-7 levers to adjust everything to custom fit to your body
Excellent purchase!
The girl friend loves it... nothing else matters right?
The table fits perfect in are dinning room.
The gray is different than I expected.
My fault, but I just wasted $150.
One thing I noted was the inconsistency of the riveting in a straight line around the top edge.
Nice low profile for small dining area.
It wasn't until months later when she took it out the box that she noticed it was missing a leg.
I think it's just faulty.
The little lumbar back support piece was already falling apart at the stitching before I even used it and the chair was less comfortable than the original.
We didn't want to spend a lot of money, but wanted something that was looked fresh and new.
I also inadvertently cut the fabric trying to just get the cushions out.
They fit perfect for any small room, or to move out to a living room or kitchen.
This looked comfortable, like having the head and lumbar attachments, use both, make the chair even more comfortable.
Have had this product over 2 years and can finally leave an honest review.
The quality of the laminate top is good and despite it lacking a lip on the edge due to the metal supports I was able to safely attach a clamp style monitor mount to it.
Have to buy replacement parts.
I’m 5’6 feet tall.
I like the design and it's sturdy once assembled.
I love this couch.
Very easy to Assemble, very sturdy, I am planning on buying a second one.
Table set is great but one of my chairs doesn’t match!
These are very cute; solid, sturdy, low to floor and came in handy.
It’s a very nice table.
Be extra careful about which legs you assemble to each part of the desk.
I felt the metal support frame in both the seat (on my thighs) and back cushion (on my upper back).
Overall I was EXTREMELY satisfied with the purchase and I cannot wait to take the chair to my summer job!
I needed a little table to put next to a chair in my family room.
It was a waste of $100 bucks and I'm in the process of returning it.
I disliked the size to the item.
Pleasantly surprised at the quality and versatility of this chair.
Theres 2 holes, per shelf, per side.
I have a pinched nerve in my neck and this helps me a lot.
was broken in several pieces and it's one thing to not have instructions but did not have any screws or bolt ??
Door doesn't stay down.
It's what you would expect from an office chair, but pretty much for shorter people only.
I like the style of the wooden legs, though they could be a bit longer to make cleaning underneath easier.
Regardless, it does the temporary job I need it to do.
One thing to note, give the chair some time to break in.
This is the most comfortable chair ever!!
This was after barely three short months of having it!
I ordered two because I wanted an early shipping date and thank God I did because the spring was missing from the first one I ordered.
This was very easy to assemble.
We bought this item as birthday gift.
The side safety covers are not the greatest thing, but they do the job they are intended for.
Delivered in good shape and on time  very good quality
They quickly shipped the missing piece directly from China.
Very disappointed.
Chairs were harder to assemble than the table.
The quality is good, but the arms rest sides are made out of plastic, which sometimes gives a plastic chair feeling when I sit.
I missing the instructions, screws from a opened pack, and the tools to put it together.
All pieces fit perfectly.
The desk is about as easy as it gets to put together.
great size for a smaller living room.
perfect table/night stand for small spaces
I’m 220 in case you are reading other reviews.
Took me about 30 mins to put together no biggie.....At first I was so happy it was my first official gaming chair ...After my first gaming session which was about 3 to 4 hours the padding needed support...I needed up spending more on a seat cushion than the chair because you get what you paid for just like the chair worth $60 buy definitely for the casual gamer
Very easy to take down and store.
It’s not bad for short term but it wasn’t comfortable for long periods.
The board is not super thick but it’s not too thin either.
I am a 5'2" woman and the seat is long from back to front so that I can't comfortably sit against the back without the back of my knees being up on the edge of the seat.
The lean was stuck and tight at first but several turns and it loosened up.
However, after putting it together, I stared at it for a little while because it’s so pretty!!
But beware: NOT easy to put together.
I ordered this because I have to setup office at my home and found this good looking table, Product reached is as described, I normally use laptop only and this is good for that !!!
Somewhat easy assembly, fairly well made materials.
Everything else is okay though.
I love this mini Crib!
When I was able to call they wanted pictures and a claim form rather than just sending me the part I needed.
The chair is pretty good for the price!
I had no trouble assembling either of them.
The next area of concern is more critical.
Cheap and easy if all you're looking for is a simple coffee table.
Very adjustable and comfortable but was missing parts and dealing with customer service really sucked.
EDIT: I was contacted by the company to see if my issue with the height adjustment can be resolved.
At first I thought the bracket might be a piece of hardware.
A good stand up desk needs to be able to adjust height with ease.
It leaves behind white marks that makes the desk look so horrible.
I had loved it at first but knowing what I know now, I do not recommended this product.
Will update if anything changes.
I am very pleased with the desk.
This sofa has worked perfectly for the small space we needed it for.
Take note of the depth of the desk and measure it out for yourself.
Loved the color and easy to put on.
This seat is more like 110° back, and you can't ajdust it.
She is always Employee of the Day in our "work remotely" home.
The product is VERY cheaply made.
The second one arrived with no problems.
It was wobbly.
See Photo - There were several marks on the table, looked like maybe burn marks from a saw.
It was easy to assemble and is surprisingly sturdy.
I love this little breakfast table!
I ordered this for my gf who is working from home at the moment.
They are comfy and not as super, super big as everyone made it seem on the reviews.
As a fairly skinny guy I expected this cushion to not flatten out so easily.
Also the instructions AND video were so helpful if you needed them.
Although it was compressed, it took less than an hour to plump up to 4.5" thickness.
This didn't help as I could still feel the desk shake back and forth whenever I moved my mouse.
The white color looks very nice as well.
These are so good for me, because I always hurts myself.
I also put a small pillow on my low back for extra support.
I ordered a few pieces for a home office, and while I was talking to customer service about my drawer panel I mentioned the mismatched colors between the items and they basically told me 'yup, we know.
Overall a great buy, and I''ve been recommending it to lots of friends and family.
It's sturdy but lightweight.
Industrial look -- a little masculine, strong looking.
Please advertise properly with correct features.. Not happy at all
The stools had a sticker stating that they hold a max weight of 275 lbs.
Perfect fit to tuck away in a small corner.
Easy to assemble.
The design is beautiful and if you look at it from the distance it can look fancy.
Don't like it at all sent it back
This was perfect for my small apartment.
3 months ago, I bought this desk.
It is sturdy, rolls well and basically what I would have picked from a store.
Thus, the wheels far off.
Look, it’s a cheap desk.
Got this chair earlier today.
I use it working from home two days a week.
Can't get much simpler than that!
I absolutely love the rough textured look...(hint farmhouse table), just the style i was looking for.
I expected the cushions to be slightly softer, but again, you get what you pay for in a <$1000 sectional sofa from amazon.
Worst desk available don’t buy
Assembling is not hard, all you need is a screwdrivers and maybe someone help with placing upper deck, it's heavy.
Awesome chair!
If you lack sofa armrest and pillows, you can check the interior of the sofa cushion.
* I was able to assemble the replacement without any major issues.
I can’t finish assembling this desk because one of the two side frame pieces, each of which has a crossbar at the bottom that gets screwed in to the sides, is missing one of the holes on one side of the frame where the cross bar should be screwed into so now I have to find a metal shop or someone who can drill a hole in the one side.
Looks really good and such a great price.
The price is reasonable and the design is modern.
We love the look of the table but the screws were too long and almost went through the top of the table when we out it together.
The cushion is wide and not too firm.
I highly reccommend this product to anyone looking for a decent gaming chair that will not break the bank.
This was one of the first we saw, and we figured we'd give it a go for the price.
Not happening, don't have time, or vehicle for that.
I ordered this set for our playroom.
First off the couches are very light and easy to maneuver through doorways.
Very impressed.
I bought this item, a few months back and it is a legitimate and reliable product with a fair price.
No tools needed to assemble, light, and sturdy enough to hold a lamp, drinks, food, or anything else found at an end table in your living room.
I advise anyone considering this chair as their primary seating to invest in something that isn't cheaply made.
My first impressions were that the desk was well packaged and the components very sturdy.
I love it as a 2nd sewing table.
Anyways I still think it’s a great desk.
I was hesitant to order online without seeing it in person first.
If you have hardwood floors, this is the chair - soft, quiet roller blade wheels - brilliant.
Very cheap chair,
I received the chair without the screws to assemble it.
You're better off spending your money at Walmart or target- the end table you'll get there will still be cheap but at least it'll be sturdy.
The instructions were clear and easy to follow.
After taking this matress out of the packaging (which was not easy), it expanded to the advertised size within 20 minutes.
Delivery was slow but I ordered it early into the stay at home order.
I'm working from home and it gives me the space I need.
It is in my kitchen now and looks awesome!
Unfortunately this product was returned.
I would expect the back to flag down a bit more.
Really good chair has gotten me through these days working at home.
When i removed the shipping packaging, the long side of the table has a big dent and right below it the frame also has a big dent.
I didn't want to deal with the hassle of a return.
Overall I would recommend to someone looking for an affordable L shaped desk.
this look very good to me
The back of the chair feels quite short and took some getting used to when I first started using it.
But with the only thing holding the back being the arms, I wouldn't lean back or put too much pressure on it.
ON ASSEMBLY - I did make the huge mistake of putting the seat on backwards - I saw a lot of reviews of people sitting too far forward my guess is they did the same thing I did.
I loved these little end tables for my living room but they are definitely what you pay for a and look a little cheap/aren't that great of quality but overall I'm happy.
I purchased different wheels (roller blade type) because the chair is on a hardwood floor.
it was easy to assemble.
The next backrest came in the same time it took to ship the chair initially and worked as advertised.
I asked for a replacement but it's out of stock until somewhere in October, now my semester has started and I have to stand study :( .
The either leg support is sheared off but holding in place as long as weight isn't added.
Based on reviews, this happens regularly.
Dont buy it you guys will angry.
This table was exactly what I needed for working at home.
It will be a pain to take apart.
Couldn't even use the drawer.
Parts missing/difficult to assemble - Missing parts are unfortunate but it happens sometimes with Amazon orders.
Easy to assemble.
The assembly shown in the picture with screws from the inside through a triangular part would probably have been better.
average but looks nice for the money
I decided not to send this one back as you have to be close to see this dent and I think that I can steam out part of the dent and then use the touch up crayon to mask the pale wood around the dent.
I ended up having to glue mine back together when it split because the screw wasn’t in one of the holes.
One of my corners was chipped, and I didn't notice until I was putting that peice on.
The first one simply broke when I was leaning backwards to stretch one day.
It was comparably priced and much better quality.
Quality looks ok to me.
If you don't have them, it'll take you a bit longer.
It’s very comfortable and leans back without feeling like you’re going to fall out.
Would buy again.
Really love this couch!
Upgrading form 1 star to 5 starts for prompt response and the chair is nice.
As far as sturdiness goes I'm comfortable keeping all my monitors and gear on the desk but I'm not sure I would trust it to hold more than 150 lbs
I love these tables!
I had to cut holes in the fabric to get to the holes.
It's good as expected, may fall if children play sitting on it pushing the chair back etc.
If you want an unstable desk that can't be moved once you put it together, this one's for you!
Assembly took a little time simply because it's a large piece, and for such a heavy piece of furniture, special care must be taken to make sure it is secure and level.
It's that pressed wood board with a "wood" finish.
Pro tip- if you are like me and do not have a rubber mallet, I figured it out!
The table is very cheaply made.
It looks great, easy to setup, and I love using it.
I ordered it as a set of 4 and there was not another table available to exchange it.
A couple of little marks but overall I'm very happy with it.
As a liberal independent, that's ok for most things, but not in chairs.
I purchased it back in March and have been using it as my daily chair in the office ever since.
Arrive in fairly large heavy boxes.
The extra tool that it came with was super helpful to assemble it.
I’m debating whether to return it or not, as I’d have to take it all back apart.
Looks ok, but not Comfortable at all.
Over the course of the last 5 months, the chair creaked and groaned regularly and the nubs you put over the screws have come off at least 30 times this by itself is only mildly annoying.
as usual with these things not everything lines up perfectly but I must comment that this was closer than most.
Delivered in excellent condition and easy to put together.
Came in pretty fast, had a few nicks on some of the pieces.
Table was easy to put together but stools were a little weird to put together needed a couple glasses of wine first
I am disappointed in my purchase.
I would not use a side mount to hold monitors as the surface is not very thick and I don’t think it would hold mounted monitors.
===================== List of use: - Laptop - Writing - Makeup -------------------------------- WHAT IS IN THE BOX?
Plus, I KIND OF liked the bed they were selling and I wasn't completely sold on it.
A little smaller in real life than it seems online - that's dumb, I know, as they give measuerments, but it is the same width as my old IKEA couch but feels smaller for some reason, maybe it's just because the chaise makes it feel that way.
I bought this desk a few months ago and have used it to work from home everyday.
That being said it still does look alright.
We bought this to use with a new Select Comfort Sleep Number bed and it works great.
Quality isn’t $2000 quality but for the price and functionality, it’s great.
Im 215lb and it supports me very well.
When I started doing NICU reviews from home for an insurance company I put on 20 lbs and couldn’t get it off.
However I am completely satisfied with this purchase.
It was easy to assemble.
The desk is sturdy enough for my desktop PC setup.
Great Bench!
I bought this for my home office where I spend a lot of time with online classes.
It has yet to tear up.
I would have appreciated it being a good half a foot taller, but I am rather short, so I don't mind so much.
I took the refund.
I hate it, first my package was delivered a day late and then it is super uncomfortable and really small!
Just twist each leg into place and you're all set!
Overall this chair is really good, but likely not that endgame chair that you're probably looking for.
It easily fits my laptop, lamp, second monitor, mouse, etc.
I am talking barely putting a little pressure on them brakes them into.
I'm not looking for the luxurious comfort of  a Herman Miller chair: I just want to get my day's work done.
It’s an ok chair for the price.
The return was a hassle because the company "needed proof" of the the defect.
Easy assembly.
Product is what I expected, This chair was pretty easy to put together and I love it.
Thankfully, the bolt holes have some "slack" and I was able to calibrate it to only make it "slightly crooked".
So at my desk I have the keyboard on a tray that extends out like most people and you can NOT get fully under this tray with the chair lowered to its lowest position.
Not a bad deal at all.
I have had this chair for nearly 5 months now.
I think a furniture store would charge $250 for this piece!
If you’re tight on money, don’t plan on using it much, or need a table for a kids room, this is your product.
I chose the vintage wood and got a black desk.
Excellent desk for the price!
However, the gray color is really not gray at all, it’s more like a denim blue color.
Nice chair and I like the way it rolls easily around.
Quick and easy assembly and fits my two monitors perfectly.
I've sprayed with WD40 on all the joints but the squeaks don't stop.
Which we ended up having to purchase separetly since there was not an easy missing parts area to get the missing pieces without having to return the entire item.
It's not as sturdy feeling as a solid wood desk (of course), but for the price paid, it's definitely worthwhile.
3) My box came damaged with one of the legs poking out of the side.
Such a great investment.
I have a lot of back to back classes where I’ll be sitting down in front of my screen for around five hours.
It also has no cable management if you have a lot of things plugged in on top of the desk.
If you’re taller than  6ft won’t be able to lay down on the futon completely.
Did not know it was going to be that small.
Oh, and the assembly?
Beware they will ship it whenever they feel like it and without any care for the product.
Its a huge upgrade from the free broken down chairs we had but they arent the perfect chairs for us.
I read the comment before I bought it.
Overall I am pleased with product and know it will allow me to work efficiently.
All in all, I am happy with my purchase.
Would definitely recommend.
Great chair and comfortable.
I'm really happy with my choice and would recommend this desk.
Unfortunately, mine was damaged during shipping, but I probably would’t have figured out the true construction of the table, had it not been.
Went from a torn learner chair to this one and couldn’t be happier.
came with a tear and a few dings in the cushion.
That said, I assembled it myself.
Love the color
I regret buying two and I am immediately sending them back.
A few emails back and forth with seller did not resolve issue.
This chair is great if you only briefly use it.
The instructions were very clear and all the parts came package and labeled and I was just able to do this in 45 minutes.
I took off one star because the bag was missing one screw and the directions were a little confusing but we figured it out.
Overall if youre a student, artist or just somone who enjoys a more simple look to your workplace without all the extra drawers and what not then this desk is a pretty easy and affordable choice!
The product is well wrapped and everything you need to assemble it is included.
I have bought two of them now and love them!
This table is right at my sofa's arm which is nice for drinks.
The headrest is adjustable and so far we love it.
The size is also perfect.
This set is very great for young adults building up their starter apartment/home.
Most chairs I've purchased in the past become a fight and can take 20 minutes or more of fighting them.
It's just jutting out because it won't go all the way in.
I'd do it again in a heartbeat!
It is very thoughtful for providing all the tools that are needed, including some extract screws.
Great packaging, looked at instructions on unwrapping & placement on sleeper sofa, Love it so comfortable and fits perfectly!
This table is super chic super cute.
BC it's not in the cabinet bc there is no hold for the wires to escape from once the monitors in so I would have to drill a hole myself to get the wire out.
overall its a comfortable chair with good features.
Overall it’s cute, but for the money, it’s NOT worth keeping.
It was an easy fix, just stuck a pillow on it and called it a day, no big deal.
Muy practico
The unit was protected well so I am sure the shipping was a bit hard on it.
... Also, for anyone who was in the same situation I was in... My desk is in a room with hardwood floors and I knew that wheels would damage them.
There was no time for careful review parsing and product comparisons.
I work from home so I needed a comfortable, reliable chair .
Some sort of manufacturing defect that was not visible, preventing one part from sliding into another.
I love it!!
Time will tell how well it holds up.
Simple assembly, perfect for use in the home or office.
Doesn’t take up a lot of space and still big enough for me.
Easy to assemble and looks nice and solid and no problem so far.
This is a great bed frame.
We love it and we have a very happy and proud kid.
after waiting forever for this desk to arrive, i opened the box to realize ALL of the bolts and screws were missing, along with some other of the small pieces needed for assembly.
Update—I did return the desk but I am adding to my review.
Thanks for making a affordable yet sturdy product.
Product came fast and well packed.
Impossible to assemble !
This is a "I'm 15 and need somewhere to set up PS4" type of deal.
I've been totally happy with it.
Simple to install.
This desk is amazing for the price considering how easy it was to put this thing together also this can hold a ton and was a brilliant upgrade from my old ikea desk and the desk is bigger in person trust me!
At this price I didn’t have sky-high expectations, but the Zinus Jennifer desk easily exceeded them.
Would recommend this office chair if you are just looking for a simple office chair and nothing that looks super fancy
He has plenty of room for his things.
I will be updating this review in a couple of months to let everyone know how the bed is holding up.
It can be used horizontally or vertically.
The perfect side table!
The wood surface is uneven.
Love everything about this set.
Also came in perfect condition.
Good chair with a secret lumbar massage!
As long as you pay attention to the directions, it's easy.
This desk has plenty of room.
I'm 5'3, so the arm rests are just fine for my arms.
Once the bolts are tightened down your arm rests will only adjust up and down.
The company wanted me to ship the broken pieces to them in order to get a replacement.
I'm starting to think a lot of the reviews were fake because this bed is NOT good quality.
Sure, there are chairs with more adjustability and classier looks, but you're paying at least double for those.
I drilled 3 holes in the sag bar of each desk and ran the hex bolts through to secure the two desk together.
Edit: I reached out and they replied that the worker must've forgotten to put the holes in the fabric.
But it can easy be scratched the top.
The color, size, and look are exactly what I envisioned.
Very clear arrows and full names of each piece.
I thought it was all over.
Easy to assemble.
It is light weight, sturdy, and foldable (so I don't need to have it set up all the time).
I'm never buying non-mechanical ever again).
The screws didn’t stop tightening, yes I was trying not to over tighten but I wanted to make sure it was tight well the screws went right threw the top and I even lost one in the metal bar that attaches to the table top.
Over all great buy.
Took 2 people 1 hr 45 min to put together.
The size is perfect to fit my laptop and an extra monitor.
So easy to put together.
Thumbs up !
I also came to hate the fact the seat is huge almost for someone extremely big.
Fast forward to now during COVID19 quarantine, I have been working from home 9 hour days 5 days a week on this chair and its absolutely falling apart.
When I was almost done with the final top boards the female sockets built into the table top came out and one of them flat out came out and is lodged in the metal frame.
Great chair in concept, but not in design at this point.
This is a high quality bed.
This is the most comfortable chair I've ever bought.
But for the price and the lack of quality and extreme inconsistencies of the company’s product, I have to knock this one.
For the price these tables are not worth the money.
Small dining table, usually for one but that can accommodate 4 when needed.
I work 10 hour shifts with no problem.
It used to creak all the time, but no longer does.
Now I have enough room to work, and I love the look.
All the required tools (the hex driver is actually quite nice and I am adding it to my workshop) are included in the package containing the bolts (a set of long bolts, a set of short bolts, and a set of screws).
When they say not to over twist the legs, they're not joking!
And makes the kitchen fuller.
The desk was actually very easy to put together.
Nice wood grain look.
Awesome chair great support and is supper comfy.
Love the colors and how easily It rolls on the carpet.
Both the top and legs
This chair is exactly what my wife needed.
It has some nice texture to it.
The quality is ok. It’s fiber board, so it can crack easy if you don’t line the screws up right.
All pieces were individually wrapped and the box came without a dent.
I’d highly recommend it if there was a way to be sure everything was assembled correctly.
It's very cheap material but you get what you pay for.
Good for the price!
The movements are smooth and beside the size issue, it was extremely easy to put together.
All in all just don’t buy it.
Love this desk !
Instructions were easy to follow and every piece was clearly labeled to correspond with the assembly instructions.
Overall, im so happy with the purchase and process.
Hope it holds up.
Only reason I didn't give 5 stars I'd because it's a b**** to put together.
Given the reviews and for the price, I had expected it to be kinda chintzy but I am pleased to report it has the quality of a Crate & Barrel piece.
All the parts were there, very well-packaged, zero damage from shipping, understandable instructions.
I was NOT happy that after only a few uses the stain started chipping off the top.
Again, most computer chairs are made this way, and that includes stopping the tilt feature by pushing the height adjust handle inward toward the center.
Excellent desk for the price.
This unit basically has 2 sides and 6 support bars that are held together by a bolt on each end.
Though these aren't "great" pieces of furniture, I got better than I expected and am pleased with how easy these were to assemble.
Its uncomfortable and the headrests don't stay up like they should.
Needed a simple desk for my room and honestly this one works perfectly.
After a bit of thought, we decided to take the refund and keep the desk.
Very nice looking.
I bought this chair to quickly get my home office setup and simply can't recommend it.
Like the chair a lot.
Don't be cheap and just get a dxracer cuz if you game for a long time you'll need something that will keep you comfortable for many hours .
Well product got damage during shipping.
We have an active toddler and having the power strip on the top of the end table is safer in my opinion than leaving cords plugged into a wall outlet.
My son loves it.
The mattress is very soft and plush.
Extending the legs only makes the chair feel as though it is going to tip forward, and in my case, it does tip forward.
Was a fight putting together.
My only wish is that it came in a darker/cherry color to match my other office furniture.
Took about 10 minutes from box to using.
Excellent customer service.
It literally will not take you more than 5 minutes to get it ready to use.
The delivery service they use is horrible!
But the out of the box smell is really bad.
VERY WELL DONE!!!!
They will throw a $10 coupon at you so you can spend more money with THEM on something else (rather than putting it back in your bank account).
The arm rest are also cautioned with some nice material.
For the price point this is much better than expected!
Cant beat this chair for the price, I was only going to keep it while I save up for a real gaming chair but once I sat in it I figured I would keep it for a while as its pretty comfortable and cant beat price
One of the holes on the bottom where the base screws in will just spin freely so there is no way to screw in the bolt.
Very easy to put together, I had it all done within 10 minutes.
Definitely needs some form of support.
This is just enough vouch for my small living room.
Very disappointed to get the desk assembled to find out it did not have the holes in the end.
I would give it 5 stars if we had received these items and am still hopeful the company will send them.
It is sturdy and well made.
Overall, you will not be disappointed with this chair at this price.
I also like the roller blade wheels over the traditional caster wheels on your typical office chair.
This chair is not made for tall people.
On top of that I work for probably 1-2 hours the other days on it.
It's just something you might want to consider if you have dogs that like to munch on things.
Nice modern sturdy
A lot more sturdy and good quality than I imagined for the price.
Fits really well in small tight spaces.
Bought this as a temporary desk and was planning to eventually give it to son for his studio.
Seem comfortable when trying it out..just arrive need time to test durability.
Great customer service.
The overall quality is great, and it was very easy to assemble.
My cat, unfortunately, wasn't so lucky, having taken up her usual residence on top of the chair and was hurled unceremoniously to the floor (she's fine, but I don't think she'll be sleeping there in the future).
I've has this chair for a bit over 6 months.
However, main complaint I have is in regards to the lumbar and back support.
5 star rating.
Assembly was more challenging with a smaller allen wrench.
For the price, they are more visually appealing than I expected.
I’m guilty of bad posture sometimes!
Everything is neatly provided by them.
Needed this desk desperately to work from home so assembled it but not really happy with the purchase
The final nightstand is deceivingly heavy, so I would try to assemble near its final destination or make sure you have someone to help you move it.
I wanted a basic desk that was not expensive.
I'll likely just try to find a replacement part as I do like the island overall.
Extremely disappointed.
Like the items, but too short.
Very simple and fast to build.
After fighting to get the first crib back in the box and back to UPS I wasn't about to attempt another.
A little bit to install.
Just as described.
The item arrived with two holes that were punched through the bottom.
The price for this "gaming" style chair is really excellent when compared to alot of the "gaming" chairs that are out there.
I constantly have to keep adjusting the screws because they get loose.
The bolts they sent me are RUSTED.
This product is defective.
Top of one of the chairs broke 3 weeks after having it.
I was a bit skeptical at first, but the desk fits my needs for a small space and love it.
They loved it.
It's also pretty easy to set up and we haven't any issues with it so far.
This is a pretty good desk at a budget price.
I read one review that said you needed a rubber mallet.
The wood tops are better than expected.
It was fairly difficult to put together because a ton of the holes didnt match up and with it being a wooden support that was already partially assembled when it arrived it was super hard to turn the holes to the right position.
I absolutely LOVE this chair.
I needed a simple desk to fit my gaming system and monitor plus an additional area for my laptop, plus there’s plenty of space.
I purchased this desk for our home office after reading some great reviews on it.
Won’t be disappointed.
Very pleased with this item.
My buy a few more down the line.👏
I would tell anyone to purchase this desk regardless of the price range I so far believe the price isn't drastically off this is a 168 lbs desk after all.
Grabbed it on Amazon`s Black Friday Sale for $34.99 & free shipping!
The bottom seat part broke where the arms attach to the back and there is no structure to the chair, you cannot lean back without it breaking even more.
This was a really great purchase, I am sooooo happy I bought this bed!
I didn't intend it to be a catch-all but am liking it!
This black teak finish desk perfectly compliment my home office setup.Please see in pictures.
Fluffs up to 4.5" after a week or so.
I probably could’ve solved the issue with some glue but felt the desk was not worth the $140 I paid for it with this damage.
There's no easy way for me to box the thing back up and return it so I guess I'll just have to live with pre-damaged edges.
With working from home, I needed the perfect chair to fit in small spaces.
The sitting place is little small but it seems it is designed for long office hours or kids taking virtual classes using this chair.
However, for 200 dollars, it's a good purchase.
This chair is VERY narrow, VERY uncomfortable to sit in, the back is VERY low.
I checked the description multiple times, which stated “Is assembly required?
But now with this purchase my back has no more problems with pain while I sit down.
It's right at the edges and maybe a tad over.
Uncomfortable.
I love the polished-chrome finished legs, and how well the casters roll over my wooden floor.
Excellent for a small area!
The screw holes were so little that it was Very hard to get the screws in without splintering the wood.
this chair was very easy to assemble, fits perfectly under the desk (when lowered), and is comfortable to use all day
Extremly confortable.
This is what it is, cheap furniture.
The vibration is a nice addition!
If you need a new side table this is a great affordable buy.
The Decor buttons fall out from time to time but I E6000 them so that’s no issue.
cute table just looks kinda cheap  but making it work  very easy to put together and fast shipping
The value is well worth the price of this table.
My oak dining chairs were too uncomfortable for sitting 8 hours and was having back pain but this chair!
This may sound silly since overall its a basic table, but it may be one of the best Amazon purchases I've made.
I put this on my older loveseat and it fits fine.
I was really impressed by how easy it was to put together, with clear instructions  and all the parts neatly packaged.
I’ll be happy if it lasts a year wirh my clumsy 12 year old and husband.
imagine doing any work and your monitor is jiggling around.
I just smacked them in.
I read the reviews before buying this chair; however, I cannot consider this chair as comfortable... it really does not support your back, I can’t really sit on it for long.. I’m in a search to buy another chair because this one no longer work for me.
Those so far are the only cons we have seen.
It arrived two days after I placed the order, and it took me maybe 15 min.
Very soft,we put it in our RV for a bed-on a plywood platform.
Pretty, sturdy, came with one extra of each screw/bolt.
The silver is for the desktop you cannot miss.
Recommended!
So I searched Amazon for an "L" shaped desk that was attractive and would fit in my space.
The bed frame is solid and it does not squeak with movement, which is what I needed from a new frame.
Another problem we had was that some of the predrilled holes were slightly off which left a gap between 2 crib pieces.
The only thing I still don’t know is how to clean up the greasy stuff better.
To the idiot who engineered this piece of junk (which by the way, the finish is junk and chipping at all the edges), you NEVER, ever, require the use of an Alan Wrench on something large that needs to be built flat.
This is a fine desk, in fact it is incredibly sturdy the only problem was my mechanical ineptitude.
I recommend getting a pillow for it or maybe saving up for a nicer chair.
I put each one together in under half an hour - I'm pretty handy with furniture assembly, but these were really straightforward with clearly labeled pieces and instructions, so it was a breeze.
Don't go in expecting a top of the line memory foam lifetime guarantee couch and you'll find it fits the bill perfectly.
The chair functions fine at the moment, but the quality of materials so far has me uneasy.
I bought one for the office and liked it so much I bought another.
Easy to put together and plenty of workspace for little space it takes up in my office.
Every component was covered in plastic wrapping and arrived with no visual imperfections.
All in all, I highly recommend this product.
Looks nice enough and It was super easy to assemble.
I may buy the matching chair.
Great desk but when it came it was missing 2 screws that it needed but I haven’t got any more and the desk it doing just fine
One heads up: unless there was just something defective with my CPU stand piece, it didn't come with any holes it in to attach the little feet so I would have needed a power drill to get those attached.
Looking at the pieces disassembled, they looked pretty quality.
Product was cheaper and durable, especially falling into snow and fast speeds.
Would not recommend this POS to anyone!
I love this chair!
It was pretty easy.
Husband needed a work station for the days he works from home.
They were rated to anywhere from 150-200.
Sitting was a pleasure for the brief time I had it.
Not bad for the price.
This was a severe disappointment!
Summary: Wonderful desk, doesn't scratch, is absolutely gorgeous and doesn't take up much room, wonderful quality for the price!
Quality of the item is so  disappointing(Weix: johnxiaozuo)
But overall very good quality for the price.
I like that the arm rests are shorter than my old chair, so I can scoot up closer to my desk.
I am sitting in it much or using it for long periods of time.
I like the size of it but I wish it was a little taller.
I could also put it in the living room as a side table as well.
And the cushions were cushy.
What a waste of money .. going in the junk pile in the fall.. (ugh... as if I have this money to just toss away) BAH
After assembling according to instructions,  we found the chair seat leans forward just enough to give you an uneasy feeling that you're going to tip forward.
Nice finish.
Yes, some parts of the desk or very cheap but the pieces that matter are very sturdy and yes the surface will scratch a little but once all your stuff is on it, mouse pad, tv, monitor, speakers, Xbox it looks awesome even with a few dings you may get.
Also the basket which hold the hardware could be made to have a firmer fit to the table.
I'm 5’8 and the sofa is so little.
The price was great and the quality, really nicely made.
No tears or peeling at all, and it could probably pass as brand new.
Excellent value for the price.
We didn't assemble the keyboard part of it and there has been no issue
Very comfortable.
It was easy to assemble; it took about a half an hour-an hour.
Took me awhile to find them.
Just keep an eye on it the first couple of uses and be prepared to macguyver a solution to keep cables out from inside the desk.
Overall great quality for the price.
Assembled in five minutes.
Very comfortable.
Update, still no response from the seller/manufacturer about the incorrect arm rest.
I bought 2 of these originally as side tables for my bed and they are great little tables that also look amazing.
This means that when they are all the way up, they force me to bring my elbows further forward than I'd like to be supported, only barely come up high enough to support my arms, and hit my desk, forcing me to keep my chair unnaturally far away.
I had to return the end table and since I don’t know if I dare order 2 more of these in case they don’t match the table, I might end up returning the table.
I’m satisfied with this purchase.
The only draw back was it was on the short side.
(Not too bad).
Of course, you can't keep really heavy stuff on it, probably things up to 20 lbs would be ideal.
I paid 1000$ and that’s a lot for me.
Even Ashley's furniture is better quality than this.
It has so little padding that it feels like you are sitting on a wood bench.
The side edges are covered with a stained wood veneer, and you will notice that the direction of the wood grain gives it away that it isn’t a solid pice of wood.
I am 5'11 and it works great.
I have experience with IKEA products and this is similar (Although IKEA have better quality materials).
So cheaply made, broke very easily.
But on one of the bolts for the backrest when this happened the insert broke loose.
Great product quality and very easy assembly very happy with this product.
It wasn't terrible but it wasn't great.
Great design, features and overall look at a fantastic price.
It is perfect in the afternoon when you begin to get the afternoon slump :-)  Would purchase again and in fact, others in my office are interested in purchasing one for themselves!
this was the easiest set up I ever did very pleased thank you
Nice chair, however very cheap plastic arms, all the adjustment levers are poorly made.
Would not buy the white again, hard to keep clean.
It's well worth the price and I would definitely recommend it to a friend.
Other than that, it’s great quality.
Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this product at all.
She wanted a very robust surface (have to pound that clay into shape!).
The color is just as pictured if not better.
You can adjust the chair height to your liking.
I'm not sure if the leather is real or not but it feels nice and the size of the chair is pretty decent.
I knew I wasn't getting the best quality desk, but if that's the case, be smart and don't add stickers if the finishing is going to peel off with it, in a very noticeable area!!
So far so good.
So I am happy and it gives good support.
Even the screws are packaged nicely and are all separated and numbered to make finding the correct ones easy.
First off....
He got a piece of plexiglass and with small round Velcro dots secured it to the top to avoid stains from drinks.
Currently been using this desk for a couple days and so far I love it.
The pullout canvas shelves are not good enough for much.
I appreciate how heavy and sturdy this table us.
The ottoman has enough space to store our game equipment, like multiple console controllers and cables.
If you choose to buy this bed frame, I recommend the following:  before you assemble the bed, go to a nearby automotive parts store and buy a product called Lock-tite.
The lever just doesn't work.
There is a small 1 1/2 inch strip of particle board that has broken off from two of the three screws that hold it onto the frame.
They are amazing and are good quality.
Even spare hardware is given.
Without washers it weakens the stability of the desk because weight in some of the parts can or could be uneven.
Easy to assemble, what make me unhappy is after I moved the stick on the board!
Following the advice from a few other folks mentioned in their reviews, I used the foam mattress as a topper instead of a replacement, and what a difference that made.
Very easy to set up and it’s very cute especially for small spaces
The screws are not exposed.
I ended up using a channellock as it was the only thing I had that would work.
Nice chair overall.
Works great and as expected.
Looks great though.
The work surface was much nicer than I expected it to be.
I've had it for about a week and so far I haven't had any issues.
1 hour assembly wasn't too bad.
I consider myself “handy”, I’m a 28 yo female who installed this by myself.
Assembly was an absolute breeze!
Like a lot of the reviews say, good table but arrives damaged.
Very easy to assemble.
What company doesn't take pride in what they want customers to receive?!?
It is very important that you use the wall secure for the top, and load the bottom of the bookshelf first just be to sure it is sturdy.
They are not the highest quality, but we were looking for something that could take a beating, get colored on, and still store a lot of toys and books without us caring about the cost and for that these are perfect
I have no complaints.
but no boxspring.
It`s comfortable and easy to assemble, worth the money and time.
Fits prefect and it is holding it well.
It is uncomfortable, if you lean on it, you do not feel relaxed.
Easy to assemble, nice and sturdy, the mat for the mouse feels great and plenty of room up top for all 3 of my monitors.
I wouldn't recommend this hassle to anyone, except after all is said and done, it's a beautiful table
Putting the table together was just a bit tricky because the screws didn't want to stay in until they were tightened down a bit, but once the base was together the rest was easy.
It’s super comfy and does not sleep like a pullout couch.
Good for the price but, wont call it a high quality chair.
It is a firmer chair so it may not be suitable for everyone, but what I wanted in a chair with a tall back.
I work from home, even before the pandemic, and I have been looking for a new chair, since the old one was 10 years old.
It's TOTALLY durable and in great shape.
2) The package is VERY heavy, had an "Over 70 pounds" warning on it, but I was quite shocked when I went to upend the unit, to put it into place and it lifted up quite easily.
I don't know why they think it's fun to fill it with pillows and blankets, then jump in.
This table is as simple and basic as you could imagine.
Perfect size to fit baby monitor, picture frame and a cup of water.
When tried to return they would not do a ups pick up.
I usually don't like to put furniture or anything large together…I usually have a problem with the screws not matching up or the holes are not aligned…not for this chair.
I had to square the parts with angle and tee squares and clamp/strap them until the glue dried.
I am also able to sit on it no problem with all of these things on top too so the table is definitely sturdy.
You do need give it a hard tap to get into place.
Pretty nice for the money.
I got this chair since I would be working so much from home.
Came delivered in perfect condition.
Hubby plans to drill a hole in the plug-in area so that the lamp cords go out the back instead of out the top, but that doesn’t negatively affect my five-star rating because they are such quality pieces of furniture for a great price.
I am using it as an end table in the living room.. it is a little short but my couch is low so it fits perfect I would recommend measuring the demonstration to know exactly how tall it will look it the space you are planning to use it.
Not much room on the desktop as I expected.
I had one wheel with weld break off on the first day I owned it.
I made a mistake on the measurements so it is smaller then what I needed, but still useful.
I will keep this short and sweet.
Easy to assemble, you don't need extra tools.
Fast shipping, payment options and easy set up.
Granted, for the price, this is a fine chair and very easy to assembly, I was just expecting more.
Some of the screws were not in the correct size or even unusable.
If I had to pay over the $205 that I paid for this desk I don't think I would have found it worth it.
I know, its ridiculously hidden.
My husband had already tried two other lift chairs and this one fit him perfectly.
Total garbage, in the future at least order something like this from Wayfair who has great customer service and will replace it for you.
Looks great, good cost.
(or atleast look at a few steps at a time) Once we got everything in place, he was tightening all the screws then one of the screws punctured though.
Was a bit skeptical that it would either arrive damaged or cheaper in quality than it appears to be.
I accept this from them because I thought this is how customer service SHOULD be.
It also looks pretty good, and the no-nonsense rectangle design gives you a lot of surface area for the space it takes up.
Amazing line of furniture.
That's a "biggie".
Not the greatest chair in terms of comfort!
Seems sturdy.
Big enough for me (6'2", 195 lbs), and plenty comfortable.
TL:DR, It's pretty, but it isn't built to last.
It's a great chair with good quality.
Thankfully the chair was well-packed and had lots of protection from the shipping company.
Around a year in, the foam on the arms started looking a little creased/dented and the middle is just caved and no one really sits in the middle much.
I needed a desk for my laptop, monitor and documents I was working with.
Side chair yes big time lounger no
It still works, but I haven't placed anything heavy on it yet.
I moved temporarily to another city for work, and needed a chair to last me the 6 months I was working.
Easy assymbol.
The wheels are silent and move very smoothly.
It turned out to be large enough for.... toddlers.
My cat digs them out every day like its a game lol.
I wanted something small,  dark in color and relatively sturdy.
It’s cheap and good value for money.
The seat feels like I'm sitting on a decline so I've placed a small pillow near the edge of the seat to "fix" it.
I can’t really afford super high end furniture but these look really nice in my bedroom and they are great places to set your phone and remotes and I’m glad I bought them.
If they offer a paid assembly fee, don’t pay it, it will literally take you 20 minutes to put this thing together if you know how to use an Allen key.
This was a huge disappointment.
It is a great value at twice the price, but I'm sure glad I got it for the price I did from Amazon.
Otherwise very comfortable.
One leg has a small dent in it but for the price i'm not super surprised.
I have just enough room for my phone, note pads and couple cups/glasses.
Love this, can hide cords from little ones.
This is nothing fancy but it was good for the price.
Placed them on my guest room.
The cushion has totally lost comfort.
Seems very easy to clean.
Less than two weeks.
All pieces are there.
It’s doesn’t lock in place.
But with a few hiccups I got the couch together.
I was not sure if it was from shipping, but it appeared so.
I went  with this item because I have limited space and I loved the size, it’s perfect and I loved the changing table with the drawers, although I do admit I’d like to find a thicker changing pad, but have not yet come access one that fits.
Would have willingly paid a bit more to have it delivered assembled but the difference in price was significant.
I am very happy with my purchase.
I came across these tables, and they had great reviews.
The wood was scuffed and had marks on it.
I sit on my feet so I am eager to see how the seat holds up.
Do not buy this!
1 month into buying this chair, the pleather started to rip off the seat cushion.
I liked that it wasn't too bulky.
I highly recommend this product!
The legs seem sturdy enough, and once assembled I didn't feel any wobbling.
I highly recommend this chair.
So if you're over 6' tall, buy it, you won't be sorry.
Easy to read and assemble.
If you look the photo I included.
I highly recommend this product!
Easy put together came in non damaged box.
It then came time to flipping over the table after metal frame was completely screwed onto the table top (keep in mind the table is upside down on a flat floor looking like this: I_I ).
I love this desk!
I am so pleased with this set.
Assuming I had the patience to repackage and return.
It does come with a few extra nails as well.
Easiest piece of furniture I've ever put together...and there have been a lot!
I do not recommend this futon/couch for use.
They sent another replacement at no extra cost.
The back came out of adjustment and the left side was bent back.
Okay, these stands are surprisingly good quality for their price!
The bottom and back cushions are nice so far.
STURDINESS We have our desk sitting on a tile floor, all the legs appropriately adjusted.
Small and cute in the space I have.
It looks neat too
After not a lot of use, that one's padding had broken down to the point where it felt like I was sitting on the wood (I'm not a big guy) and the vinyl didn't breathe at all so my back would get sweaty, which was gross.
dont waste your money.
it always makes your back straight.
This chair was very easy to build taking a little over 30 minutes.
I searched high and low for a small desk and this is perfect.
This is definitely a great desk for the price.
It's perfect for what we needed.
The table looks good buuuut......
This time the shipping window was 1 week out, and the tracking number worked.
First off, out of the box, it seemed very similar to the Basyx HVL210, the materials seemed extremely similar, one review went about saying it was made by the same factory.
So I had to go to Lowe's and purchase the bolts to assemble this bed.
This was perfect!
I’m stuck with it now since returning it is a pain :(
Since the top is laminated, it does have a gritty texture to it.
I was unsure about the comfort, material and color.
The lines on the top to make it look like planks were a little off.
Overall it’s a solid chair.
I loved it wasn't finished just because it adds more to the rustic vibe it has.
I did not like the brightness of the silver brads so I painted my brads a dull brass gold.
My 10 year old son and I put it together in about 3-4 hours.
I would buy the desk again without hesitation but that would be the one improvement I would make.
I really like the desk.
update: january 7, 2020: i contacted the sellers at furmax and explained what happened with my chair, i originally suggeated they give me a partial refund.
The chair is real nice, installation instructions are not that great but it's easy to put together.
This is the perfect desk.
And dirt from dog paws just wipes right off.
It is basically already assembled.
You think, ‘easy enough, just gotta put these support slats in and I can stop living like Jesse Pinkman with my mattress on the floor,’ not knowing that there is still a good 40 minutes ahead of you.
plenty of storage, works great.
Looking beyond that though the chair is alright.
I am 6'1" 220 lbs, I sleep on it, watch TV, live on it.
Would recommend!
Making my bed on the floor was super horrible.
I really enjoyed the comfy and smooth cushioning and the positioning of the armrests.
Also assembly was simple, but many steps involved.
I absolutely love this desk!
I contacted amazon and one of customer care representative filed an ATOZ claim against the seller, I was told that I will hear the decision within 14 days, It has been a month now since I am having this problem.
It has good support and is comfortable.
But I removed one star because it creaks.
I’m 6 foot 230 pounds the chair felt a little small for my frame but overall good Construction.
And who doesn’t love denim?
This is most evident at the top of the cushion.
This really fit the bill.
It took me a couple hours because I hate doing this stuff, but if I can put it together, anyone can.
It’s only been a day but so far seems sturdy , no noise , i love it great price , great bed !
The legs are bent and the desk is not sturdy at all.
I read the other comments about the padding and height, but since I'm on the lighter side I figured I could make it work.
We have our main dining table already but it's mainly used for when we have guests over.
Also, one of the screws does not fit flush in the pump handle base, hopefully that does not result in an issue over time.
Im 6ft tall and I can lay straight, which is nice.
I didn't return since I had no time to repack.
I still recommend to really consider the height they are based on what you need before purchasing.
Trying to get it replaced.
It was for about a week and a half, then it started to fall apart.
The legs were wrapped individually so I set them aside then uncovered the next layer in which I saw the underneath of the table top (pic 2 & 3) - as you can see, clearly there was an issue with the assembly.
The futon's material is not soft at all and pretty uncomfortable but it's decent for now.
Great design and finishes.
I call the company and they, with out question shipped me out a new top.
Takes less than 30mins.
Which was super frustrating.
The chair is too hard.
It’s very nice, however it’s poor workmanship for the price.
This is the perfect height for my massage bed and was packaged well.
Pretty basic but its a nice size
Solid and good quality.
The price for most electric-based desks was more than I felt I could justify, but this SHW model was markedly cheaper than all the others I came across.
It’s very sturdy and heavy not cheap wood but so sad how it comes with dents.
The lower shelf is the perfect width for storing my laptop too.
Happy with it now.
Browsing through Amazon, I stumbled upon this chair and took a chance due to the numerous positive reviews.
Very cozy, no squeaks or noises when you're moving around (if you catch my drift), the material is quite soft and easy to clean.
It holds all my extra CPAP Supplies plus meds and other items.
It is also very small, would say it’s the size meant for a young child.
I thought you could buy a chair without making sure it was comfortable.
very minimal pressure on one and it simply crumbled
Decent chair that goes up high.
Small for a 3 person house hold.
This is surprising well engineered for assembly for the price.
I have a small lamp on it with her bottles and formula.
Very easy to assemble.
Now I have to find a new chair that will last longer then 6 months.
Make sure you put those all on the same side, and you get a table that looks a lot more expensive than it was.
This is a nice nightstand.
I guess they wanted to dumb it down as much as possible but it seriously backfired.
I don't recommend this desk.
Overly aggravated.
I love my desk, Is big and spacious I feel like I do have my office at home lol, I love it.
Couch arrived damaged and was unable to get a replacement from seller, did get a refund a few months later.
The accommodations these end tables have is great... electrical, two USB charging ports, a magazine stand on the back end, two shelves inside the cupboard door and the last thing is the pull out shelf to set two glasses/mugs/or whatever you are drinking from down in the holders and a place for the remote or your cellphone to set as well.
Thinking of buying more!
I purchased two of these to add shelf space in our family room.
It’s not ergonomic and it doesn’t even hold a 200 pound person.
•Material feels decent for what you pay.
PACKAGE Comes in two boxes.
Just what I needed!
So now I can work from home, reach over and slide the patio door open and enjoy the day as well.
This chair was very easy to put together.
We ordered two of them and they both lean a weird way - even after putting them together a second time to make sure it wasn't user error.
However, the fabric looks and feels cheap.
I would have returned it because of description being inaccurate, but, I didn't want to waste the time to take it back a part.
Came assembled already.
The arm rests themselves are stiff and hard.
Easy to assemble.
Great chair for the price.
(I'd rather use that money for fabric and notions).
Although I didn’t get assembly instructions, I just sent an email the company an they sent them and it was fairly easy to assemble.
Otherwise I really like it.
I ranked it 4 stars because its a nice chair for someone under 6'.
First, it’s easy to assemble bc the front back left and right side are all clearly labeled.
I bought this table based on those dimensions and was disappointed.
But then, I tilted back and my head had zero support on the "high"-back.
It's not comfortable.
My other Smugdesk chair keeps my posture nice and straight.
Only downside was the initial assembly -people about 20minutes - but that's to be expected I just didn't want to have to do it.
The massager works only on the lower back but a. That’s the only place I need it and b. I wasn’t expecting one at all.
The desk is very sturdy and looks beautiful.
We got the table but the area where we put screws was broken so table has structural problem
Works in a tight area.
It's sturdy enough to clamp on my grow light that's about a couple pounds to it.
Putting it together was difficult, especially attaching the desktops with mismatched holes that do not line up (probably why the corner issue).
I can use it just fine but it just bothers me a lot that it sort of leans to right.
So glad I purchased these.
The first chair sent from the warehouse had a broken part (the gas piece).
I had a cheap chair first and my back is getting messed up.
It has only been assembled for 2 days but so far so good.
I have a love-hate relationship with this chair.
I bought it as a present for someone who wanted something simple like this and all she says is how surprisingly comfortable it is.
If I could leave a 5 star review for the table alone I would.
Very happy with my purchase
I eventually gave up slide it tot the side and got out the laptop lap desk to work on.
The wheels don't fit- not sure if they're wrong.
They screw easily to adjust the height.
Between the two of us we weigh a little over 300 lbs and it's supported that and more over the time we've had it.
It came with all the tools and clear and easy to follow instructions.
I got around 1.5 years of use out of this chair.
This only criticism I have is that all the wires in back have to stay long for desk to move up and down so visually it needs a cable tube to consolidate all cables into one.
The couch is overall pretty comfortable and a very nice size.
Wonderful desk/workspace!
Bought it for my son for playing his xbox and for using at his desk in his room.
Do these reviews go to the manufacturer?
However, it has its flaws.
Horrible... Leather is falling of the chair.. very expensive chair for only after nine months..buyer beware..
Amazing small space table with extras like remote tray and cup holder.. nice storage cut out in the back which we used for Hue lighting awesome design and quality.
I do not recommend, cheaply made China junk.
No dents, smooshed cushions, loose threads -- nothing wrong.
They match the picture and seem fairly sturdy now that they're put together.
It’s lightweight, yet sturdy.
But so far A+!
It is a short desk, but I am only 5'1" so while sitting this is the perfect height for me, but wanted to make others aware that may be taller.
The desk is super sturdy and I have a lot on my desk.
I needed a simple, comfortable chair narrow enough to fit through a custom door on a recent server installation.
There is no fixing it.
Thank you!!!
I ordered storm gray but this looks so blue.
Got my money's worth on this purchase.
Holds 2 monitors, a laptop with docking station, mouse, keyboard, and I still have room left for my water or mug.
This was an excellent purchase!
Good leg room.
No tools, just pop in the poles.
Very nice chair for the price.
My son is starting to bite it and has ingested a lot of paint because it chips away very easily!
Pleased with item.
It would be perfect for a college student who wants an inexpensive coffee table too.
I loved the price, the size and the quality and easy to assemble for this desk.
It can fall between the back and the seat and 'get stuck' in a way.
* The arm rests are solid pieces of un-ergonomic plastic and are nearly painful to rest your wrists on them * The chair hydraulic systems are terrible, and cannot keep a constant height for more than 30 minutes.
pretty decent chair in design, price is pretty good too.
The return was a UPS pickup which was nice.
Ordered it on a Sunday and it arrived on Tuesday (I chose standard shipping)!
This chair was a bit of a challenge to put together I required the assistance of a friend of mine I did i mange to get this chair in working order.
The plastic hand rest and such are not smooth have rough edges.
I love the table!
It also lacks padding in the mid section of the bottom pad, so you wouldn't be able to prop your legs up without feeling the foundation of the chair.
Great price for the quality.
It is sturdy, easy to put together and perfect for a small space.
The color matches perfectly with my desk!
Tl;Dr: great for the price.
Easy to move to clean underneath, a moveable footrest for even more added comfort.
Otherwise table was easy to put together and seems sturdy.
Quick response and they shipped a replacement part immediately.
I gave it as a gift to mu Mother and she loves it.
Says it's supposed to be configurable to put the chaise on the right or left side, but i got a peice that ONLY conforms to a right chaise and one that ONLY confirms to a right arm facing sofa peice.
Very satisfied with it.
This couch was pretty great for my small space.
I work from home and sit in that thing 8-10 hours a day.
Because NONE of the holes line up and I mean NONE.
Good quality for the price, looks good, awesome size, not the best sofa for watching hours of tv, but then again, don’t just watch hours of tv.
Full range of motion (low- high, lean or straight up, tension controls, etc.)
This baby bed lines up with my son and daughter-in-law's bed so she can just unlatch the baby bed wall and it lays on the regular bed.
I also switched the end shelf piece around so that the shelf is not in the corner and blocked by the additional filing cabinet.
Super cute, quality is pretty good and the color is true to the pictures.
All the cushioning and sewing is firmly intact, though the main bottom cushion has lost a bit of its supportive strength and goes flat somewhat easily.
I am 67 years old and I put this together myself.
But I would recommend a compact keyboard (regular keyboard without a number pad is perfect) And while my full size HP printer fit on the top shelf, I also used it as an excuse to get a compact HP printer.
This desk was the perfect size for my labtop and and a separate monitor and space to write.
Very very comfortable
This coffee table came expertly packed, well cushioned, and with all parts labeled.
I am short and it was awkward and heavy as I said but I managed to do it.
When I got it together and set up my computer I was not disappointed.
The corner plastic was broken all to pieces
I have never had a chair fall apart as quickly as this one.
This product works,,perfectly,, I got the king size...there were eight bolts to put in,,, took six minutes to install...no squeaks, Rock solid,, you could drive a bull dozer over it...finally a company that makes a product that does what they say it will...only bed frame I will ever own as long as I live..and trust me if it would have sucked,, they would have gotten picked apart by me...This company will be around for a long time, because they back up what they say !
Good for a simple desk.
I filled 2, not 1, but 2 kitchen garbage bags full of styrophoam.
Was easy to put together.
Highly recommend for small setups.
There is a big drawer for storage.
I've only been using the chair for about a week to work from home, and I've started already to develop lower back problems.
Giving that they give you the dimensions/measurements of the height, length, width and the sizes of each tier, not sure how anybody can order this not knowing what they are getting and how much stuff you could get away with putting on it.
The reason I purchased this chair was to have one that was 23" or higher, so I am going to have to purchase a separate gas lift to get the height I wanted.
So I need certain things.
The key concern for buyers is the uncertainty of durability and longevity.
A few of the screws either didn’t go all the way in or they were slanted as I screwed them in.
That being said, the chair is comfortable and I'm confident that it will serve my purpose well.
Also, I like the cord keeper feature.
Came well packed, no damage.
Super easy to assemble as well.
I do understand that all the requested options may come with a higher price and that may be the way to go.
I don't like the plastic screws that go in to the top.
You have to loosen the tilt dial and if you loosen it all the way you may fly backwards out of the chair when you sit in it.
It looks fine in my office where it won't be used intensively, just has a lamp and Kleenex box on it (therapy office).
The chair was very comfortable for the first 2 weeks that I got it.
It just took 20 -25 mins to get it assembled and i really like the build quality.
Also, 1/2 the stickers that were on the “c” pieces to identify them (the legs) were on the side of the piece that would be outward after the tables were built.
I bought this chair because of the many good reviews on Amazon.
They aren't the best quality and the only "wood" is the top, the rest is cardboard wood, so be careful moving it around a lot.
My last table had room and elbow space for everyone.
they came in handy for the space i initially had available but i will be giving them away since i have more space and they are so little.
If these pieces withstand years of wear and tear (they’re sturdy but light weight), I’ll happily keep them and take them to any new place I call home.
Five of my fifth graders can comfortably work at this table.
Great price and quality!
I used to have a regular char which would not rotate or move very smoothly hence I thought that it’s time for a new One as I have to work every day and found this chair on Amazon with a reasonable price.
This chair does not go very high and it’s awkward for most normal desks.
And the box itself looked like it was thrown down a set of stairs.
It seems sturdy.
They were super easy to put together and are surprisingly very sturdy.
Nice table for the price, but be aware that the dimensions are not accurate which can be a problem.
The only thing I struggled with was one bolt on a chair, not sure what that was about but I figured it out.
Also, has a storage below for more reading material or whatever you like Super easy to assemble.
Certainly, you do not get padded arm rests, and leather.
It is easy to assemble - all the parts are sorted and clearly labeled and a glove is included to make the job easier.
I use it for extra shipping/office supplies.
The the set if VERY flimsy.
The L shape is efficient and the metal tubing support structure is strong.
It took me just 15 mins to assemble this chair after following the instructions in the instruction manual.
I do think this chair would be great for little kids, but not for adults...
I love this table just what I expect  highly recommended!
I attached the legs to the shelf per the instructions, and began to turn it over, to attach the top, but as I was turning it over the wood of the shelf just broke off and the whole thing crumbled in my hands.
There is cheap and then REALLY CHEAPLY made.
GAME SON, GAME!!!!
Easy to assemble and it's comfortable enough.
I ordered this as I needed a table for my home studio and this table is perfect for it.
I've had this chair for about a year and today when I leaned back to put my legs up the back left side of the chair completely snapped off.
Additionally there were foot pieces missing.
I knew I should I listened to my gut and believed other bad reviews.
Assembly easy: just screw in the legs.
That's not a good sign for a sofa that's only 4 months old.
I made a big mistake and I have to buy 4 chairs ...sucks.
It's not perfect, but I have no major complaints.
As would be expected the couch is smaller that even the pictures showed and it isn't the most comfortable.
This review is for the Wood Console Table, Entryway Sofa Table Rustic for Hallway, Living Room, Kitchen(31.5"X20"X18.25") Looks better in person.
If you are limited on budget, I bought this chair coming from an IKEA chair that lasted me almost 8 years.
Three of these pieces came loose  and the crib never went safely back together.
CONS: deliver was HORRIBLE.
It's made of press board, but I was able to perfectly tighten all fasteners without stripping anything.
I ordered 4.
Plus: it's light, quick to assemble, and it could be taken apart to be easily moved and re-assembled.
Wish I would have used that money towards a better chair but oh well.
My best advice is when you come across your first screw to use, go back a few pages in the instructions to check how many of those screws are included so you know you're using the right ones.
it was supper easy to put together and nothing makes me happier than it all coming together just like the picture is shown.
I wish the armrests were a bit higher so I could be at desk level and still be able to put my feet firmly on the floor but that's a minor issue.
It took me a total of 20 minutes by myself.
I actually planned on ordering another one but at the time of this writing, they were currently out of the black desks.
Got a good deal though on prime day.
This one rocks but in a different sort of way.
Looks awesome, and was a great price.
The chair is sturdy and comfortable.
I did not want to put my tower there but the space was so big, didn't make sense for much else.
Unfortunately, I’m stuck with this chair and will make the most of it most likely I’ll have to get a memory foam cushion or something because it’s really not comfortable.
The problem is the quality is not great.
I will now go buy a chair already put together in a store where I can try it.
But my chair at work doesnt have one so for me it doesnt really matter
You can feel the wood base closer to the edges of the sitting cushions.
Delivered ahead of schedule and items are as shown.
I have been staying at a university apartment and the requirement for me was a light weight durable and comfortable chair.
I expect it to last longer than a month.
I ordered this sofa, and the matching chairs.
I absolutely love it!
Mango wood.
The chairs are already starting to tarnish after only a week.
But definitely will not recommend.
Just what i wanted, beautiful
But sturdy and feels high quality.
The company or Amazon needs to wrap the box in an outer shipping shell or something.
This chair was easy to put together, does sit comfortable for every day use, does look very good (as seen in product images,) but.. the arm rests, made of plush plastic and foam interior have started ripping up, and this is not from improper use, as I make sure to take very good care of all my things, especially those with a little more value.
However, I was able to assemble it myself and didn't need  2 people.
Would be nice for thicker foam on the top of the desk in case someone made a giant ding that ripped through it.
The assembles was easy, very comfrtable and good price.
I teach online in the evenings, and I even have enough space to set up a document camera alongside my keyboard.
I ordered one and ended up having to order another.
I'm 6' and 160 lb so I think the chair should've been able to support that much mass comfortably without having to add the additional cushion.
The sliding top ended up not being aligned at the end, but after twisting it a little bit I got it to align as well.
Another time skip to today, and my husband was sitting at the table for breakfast and the second chair broke the same way.
This is great.
Love it perfect for working from home
BTW this shipment comes in two boxes.
These table where easy to assemble and have held up very well.
Sturdy and pretty big.
Also mine came without any instructions, that could be detrimental to someone that has not already put one of these together.
This bed frame is well built and thoughtfully constructed.
This is a gift for xmas so it just really sucks that there s a cracked piece .
It has a metal base which won't break easily.
The description says “6 inch cushion” and it is 4” thick.
Very good value, but I definitely wouldn't want these in a home with cats or kids.
Although it is small, it stands out.
I would be better off making one out of aluminum foil and soda-pop cans.
This chair is really easy to assemble, it took me less than 20 minutes.
Best let us it’s soft, and comfy!
I have purchased some very expensive computer chairs in the past, and none of them had a metal base, so for the price, actal metal surprised me.
I made my purchase in Marc of 2020 and am reviewing in August of 2020.
My package did not have enough screws for assembly.
Soft covers and the cushions are firm, but still have some bounce.
Also the tilt of the chair needs to have more range to get the best positioning for comfort.
I ended up keeping it because it is just for a guest suite in my home and won't see much use.
The desk is good for a small project table but definitely not worth the price mark to arrive damaged like it did.
Don't waste your time and money on this end table.
A good temporary product, but wouldn’t suggest for long term.
Excellent quality pure wood.
The metal baskets for cables on the Turismo Racing desk would have been a superb addition to this desk.
Definitely a worthwhile investment.
Looks beautiful.
Super stable!!
This is identical to the table from IKEA.
We wanted them to match, but also didn't want to spend a ton.
Seems to have good support.
Other than that this table is awesome!
Can’t beat em for the price.
Didn't even took me 10 minutes to do so.
Perfect beside the bed or as an end table in the living room.
(see picture).
I was finally able to get the two pieces that were inside out and they turned out to be cigarette butts.
I absolutely hate it.
If table was constructed straight it would be a great little table for the price.
I really did like the chair and I thought it was great at first.
People ranging in heights and weights use it with no problem.
$50 for a great looking desk that took me 30 seconds to put together.
Their first compliment was the end tables/console table, then mentioned they felt like they were in a resort!
Very sturdy.
Needless to say, I am not pleased with this product.
Did not take long for my husband to put it together.
We're not talking wood here, strictly laminate and possibly a wood composite.
Perfect for apartment living
About 3 hours is what I needed, and only because I made a mistake putting the drawer together and had to take it apart.
Putting the chair together was easy and the instruction was simple just read it.
The box arrived and chair was in more pieces than I had anticipated.
Some people saying too firm--definitely not too firm.
Yes there's a video but I prefer something I can hold in my hand, jeez!
The mechanism moves at a somewhat leisurely but acceptable pace and isn't exceptionally quiet, but it's nowhere near loud.
If you're going to drop $800 on a couch you would be better off with a higher-end IKEA or wait for a West Elm sale.
Easy to assemble but cheaply made.
These are very lightweight which is okay, but they are not sturdy enough.
Unfortunately, the wheels on the chair broke.
Now that I know how sturdy it is, I’ll be buying another for the other side of the couch!
The pieces snapped together for assembly.
Good product for the money.
Would definitely recommend.
We have a plant on top and a couple of decorative items on the two lower shelves.
We will see how it holds up to abuse from kids.
This fit so perfectly as my daughter's bed side table!
I have bought two of these and love them both.
Working great for me.
Bought it because my other desk chair doesn't reach my head and provides 0 support to my neck, leading to stiff necks.
It was machines poorly and it took way too much effort to put together as the holes didn’t line up.
2) They don't tell you in the instructions if you are supposed to countersink the screws.
Not worth the price.
Took me about 5 minutes to unbox and assemble!
It has bent/deformed due to regular use.
Playing on controller pad or keyboard/mouse is fine, but holding joystick on your lap is not super comfortable.
It’s a very sturdy design and we are very pleased by it overall.
I'd recommend this chair to anyone, I am 5"10 225lbs and love it.
It was easy for me to assemble and is just the right size.
Thats said the color is weird, not bad weird but different.
love the design and color!
Why no padding?
However, the stuffing in the seat is now basically non-existent and when you sit down, you hit the hard structural beam of the couch, which can be pretty painful.
I did need a screw driver for 8 little screws, the rest are an Alan wrench which it came with.
I didn’t expect too much out of this chair so I’m happy with the purchase.
I love this chair!
Now giving 5 stars!
Chair is solid overall.
I was looking for a crib that had a neutral color even though we know our baby #1 is going to be a girl.
Hello, Please be aware of the dimensions listed on the main page are the overall size.
I assembled it myself, but needed help with one screw at the end, but it came together quite nicely!
The top part of the desk was detached from the screws of the base.
The desk arrived on time and well packaged, no scrapes in any materials and the packaging fairly pristine.
The quality is surprisingly great and worth the price.
The instructions were clear and easy to follow.
Upon opening and inspecting the box which was soaked and even though said handle with care looked like it was dropped and bounced (ie.
It was also missing 1 of the cam bolts.
I highly recommend this desk to gamer and students.
EASY assembly.
Had to purchase a new chair.
We moved in 3 weeks ago and our main room is a disaster thanks to Sauder.
I used the provided Allen wrench and went to town.
I wouldn't sit on it, but it's not designed for that.
I have bought three of these chairs, and every single one has had an issue.
Like many others who've reviewed after regular use, the material has fallen apart, and the cushion has gone flat.
It also sits pretty low and the fold out part isn’t the comfiest.
I wish they just made it all leather.
Still happy with the chair overall.
Nice office chair.
You grab something hard and hit it and the little pieces pop right in.
However despite constructing it properly and tightening it up there is some panel gap between the two pieces of wood.
(The wood shelf I bought from Menards for the keyboard tray is closer to 3/4") I was concerned about the metal being too thick to mount a keyboard tray underneath and have clearance for keyboard and mouse.
- The surface of the table is not perfectly flat.
Also, the lumbar support is actually quite nice.
The chairs are very nice also, but you can tell the stitching isn’t expensively made but it still looks great and doesn’t alter the review.
I’m not sure if I should even continue opening this package.
Comfortable, next-step-up-from-basic office chair.
One of the screws that hold one of the shelves in place with sand stripped, with no threads on.
Nice looking to fit in a modern apartment as well.
I actually regret not needing another it is nice!
It also provides decent support.
I eventually deemed it 100% impossible to get those screws in.
Great product!
Great tables, super easy instructions.
I am not even close to the 250 pound weight limit.
I liked the price but the product is cheaply made of particle board which falls apart when water touches it.
well so far I love the chair but in 2 weeks it squeaks this should not squeak.
Giving it a 5 out of 10 since it is comfortable.
It really is beautiful!
They sometimes use a pillow at the bottom back for extra support (they're small guys).
I knew that these weren't going to be great quality, but also didn't think they would be so fragile.
It's wide, and arms are comfortable.
In the pictures above, the chair back looks like its a mid back chair but it definitely is not.
I really like this chair.
Frankly, the effort to return is not worth the price.
Pros: it looks nice and seems solidly built.
Beautiful table and easy to assemble but came with a large crack in the wood, I will not ask for change because of the work to send.
It's very comfortable and I can easily sit in this thing all day long.
Reclines and is adjustable up and down.
The chair cannot be made without the armrests unless you’re looking for a stool.
These wheels just look better with this chair to me than the default ones, and they seem to be of a higher build quality too.
We live in an apartment, so the double room is just right for our living room.
The computer desk is exactly what i needed to be able to work from my laptop docking station at home, has room for two extra monitors if  and quality of the table is strong enough to hold the weight.
Very nice looking and sturdy table.
But again that's only a loss of 2 inches max.
Very industrial, which is my style anyways.
Exactly What I wanted.
Easy to switch the Left or Right configuration.
This is a really decent desk for the price.
I’m honestly still shocked by how great this couch is for how much I paid for it.
Their cheapest chair was $149.00 and really really cheap without the cozy cushion, the arm rests and the professional look.
I took the chanced and ordered the product.
It was too much of a hassle to take apart and send back then have to put another one together again, so I did not return it.
If you're looking for an ottoman to use as extra seat or even as a coffee table, then this would be perfect for you!
Sturdy, comfortable, and so much prettier than black.
I have a stupid short and narrow stairwell up to my third-floor walk-up apartment.
Wait so it goes on sale?
Also, the cushions don't attach very securely.
Came in broken.
No more sore a$$ or dead legs!
I am glad that their support has gone above and beyond to fix that issue.
Nice to sit on and cools my bottom like a fresh baby wipe.
Would recommend.
good night stand
Took about a week, but there was no argument.
None of the pieces fit to the stools .
The wood is beautiful, dark but not too dark.
It came early but with a lot of damages like scratches and one of the plastic wholes for the leg came out while assembling and I didn’t even turn leg all the way through.
I'll see after few months of usage how ergonomic and resistant it ended up.
I unfortunately chose the wrong screw when screwing the desktop on and a screw broke the board.
However, they work amazing as nightstands or end tables.
I find this chair quite comfortable.
It is a beautiful piece of furniture.
We also have the small side table with wheels and use it for a coffee station!
Instructions are easy to follow and pieces are labelled efficiently.
Added great capacity to the kitchen.
I've looked at the other brand name versions and just couldn't pull the trigger at those prices.
Assembly is a bit tedious
It's very uncomfortable and I'm afraid it might be exacerbating my existing back problems.
I like the material, easy to assemble, light weight, wouldn’t recommend any jumping on or rough play on it may not handle it.
The cushions are a little stiff, but it is still really comfortable.
But if you're going to be sitting for any extended period of time, get something better.
I already unboxed everything & right as I started to assembles I noticed a scratch every where I looked - extremely disappointed.
After a few emails I received some replacement parts!
I ordered on a Sunday but they didn't ship till Thursday and it arrived the following Wednesday after crossing the country by FedEx which arrived intact with no frame damage.
Lots of space and makes your office area look amazing!
Putting it together was EASY.
I would recommend this chair to anyone is interested in productivity, back support, and comfort.
I liked the reviews, features, and look of this chair, so I ordered it.
But my 6 year old has been moving it A LOT, from bed to couch, so without her doing that I think it would still be great I was looking for a floor couch or bean bag chair.
Not only is it beautiful but it fits everything I need: two monitors, a docking station, and a cooling station for my laptop.
For us, it does the job.
less than 3 months.
The sofa sectional was better looking then i expected.
I would not buy this chair again.
It would’ve been a great desk for being under $100 had the holes actually lined up.
It looks nice, the fabric feels nice, its comfortable to sit in.
Thank goodness I didn't need to send this desk back.
Perfect for a couch-side table.
I love the table and chairs, but one of the cushions has a tear in it and I would like it replaced.
I have had this chair for about ten months now.
Everyone loves them, so far so good.
The wood is great looking, but it's lightweight and has a small footprint, so it's easy to store away when not in use.
It literally starting falling off within a month of using it.
The tables (I bought two), were fairly easy to assemble compared to other furniture I have purchased and had to assemble (thank you NOT, Martha Stewart, lol).
Easily fits two kids and laptops with room for books.
Easy to put together.
product as described including the color.
My favorite part is it was already assembled and just folds out.
Overall, well worth the price and no doubt I'd buy it again.
The manufacturer cut every cost; the cardboard used had less rigidity than the plastic used to keep the metal legs from being scratched.
It came packaged well, on the day it was supposed to.
Can't say much for the seller, but desk was decent for the price.
Got it for my coffee bar nook Table is super strong and very pretty to look at Though I got this in June 2020  It was today July 25 my son showed my how to install the drawer brackets  I love this table !
Seville sent me replacements.
However, upon assembly, I discovered that stabilizer bars were mis-aligned (two of them grossly so).
Cons: - Not reversible (not touted to be).
It was the first time I had ordered a sofa without trying it first.
Then 3 months into the purchase the legs started breaking.
I have been very deliberate in how I shelve objects: heavy books on the lowest shelf and lighter stuff on higher shelves as these cardboard-type shelves sag over time.
I have had this couch for 6 month and I have to say it's very weak from day 1 while assembling the backboard easily cracked and now everytime I sit and get up it squeaks and it's barely holding up.
Please send hardware!
But, since I was able to make it work, the desk is just what I wanted and functions as expected.
I feel lucky to say that the table arrived in good condition, and there were only a few small spots where paint was missing, or had clearly been touched up (presumably at the factory).
My son loves it.
It is so uncomfortable and seat was flat immediately.
The only way this desk is even remotely sturdy is if you pin it against a wall.
Materials seem a bit less substantial than hoped for.
No problems with building, no missing pieces and instructions were very clear.
But one of the holes on one of the brackets wasn't drilled properly either.
Overall it's a great chair.
This is far less comfortable than the wooden rocking chair I was using before this.
Recommended.
My vertical and horizontal ID fit perfectly.
Not the most comfortable but it gets the job done.
I read the reviews and saw similar that were stated to be difficult to assemble, thus I picked this one.
Cancelled their order and accidentally found the same one here on Amazon and recieved it in less than a week!
This was for my young son and after I assembled it I sat in it to test it out and was immediately floored by the hard plastic digging into my back.
Easier than building ikea furniture too.
These will work perfect in my work chair who’s wheels are filled with yuck.
I have long legs already, but I can’t stretch them completely under the desk (ours is against a wall), but I can stretch them out through the side and there’s a bit of a foot rest there.
The drawer just under the countertop isn't huge.
It is for my basement and mostly kids will be utilizing it, so it was exactly what I wanted.
So far, after one day(!
Fast and easy to assemble.
I was worried the headboard would be too high as it says it is a tall headboard but it's perfect.
It's now permanently leaning at about a 100-120 degree angle.
Very solid, easy to clean and looks nice.
I'm using it as a bedside table in my bedroom.
comfort with good support of back.
This is a perfect chair for your office/home office.
Personally, my 200+ pound body can scoot across her living room off of one strong kick so the wheels seem fine.
Des not looks very firm.
Was very very excited and the desk was a quick and easy build.
IMPORTANT: If you don't have tools, you don't need them!
Although I have a office desk it was to heavy to carry to the designated area where I was temporarily placing my office.
Before putting it together we tried out the seat and went right to the board.
The instructions were a little hard to follow but not a big deal.
Easy to put together Great product Very nice color
However, the arms will never stay completely sealed and come loose at least once a day (sometimes more).
Still a rather simple task to anyone that knows how to use a screwdriver.
I needed a new chair to replace my old one which was hurting my back to work on.
I'm tempted to remove them entirely.
It was super easy to assemble.
But as I said once together, you'll enjoy it.
I can not recommend this desk enough!
Great couch for small spaces -- it fit PERFECTLY where I needed it to go.
It feels both comfortable and solid to sit in, and so far the back/hip/neck pain I was experiencing in the evenings with my old home-decor chair have resolved.
I'm adding glass for protection because  there's no way the finish will hold up to the first glass that's left on top that sweats.
Excellent price and product!
We think they should be protected somehow.
It's comfortable, quiet when it rolls, fun to spin around on, and I can't say enough good things about it.
I have followed the instructions, taking it apart and starting over.
Why not a 5 star?
The portability and ease of assembly make up for the small size and lack of real wood.
My intuition was correct!
Fits nicely in a small space and looks modern enough for style
The shelf between the top and  cabinet is the perfect size for 15 inch MacBook Pro.
If I could give it 10 stars I would.
Love the color, the height adjustment the ease with which it rolls, even on carpet.
Just what I wanted.
My expectations were high based on the majority of reviews, but after a couple of weeks I am disappointed.
I bought two of these end tables and they are the best.
So if you're trying to put a desk mount arm(s) on this table you're going to have a really hard time because there's a metal bracket connecting the two board underneath.
Wish I never wasted the money.
Over all I really like the table.
I'm constantly raising it.
Also the assembly was tough due to lack of clear instructions.
The product is amazing for small apartment
There was damage to the corner of the desk.
Update: I was shifting its position and managed to put my leg through one of the supports.
Is good for the price.
The box came, overjoyed I struggled to lift it into my apartment.
Buy it & you not going to regret ☕
I have this chair in my office and love it.
I've had this chair for about a year and tried to be careful using the recline after my last chair broke.
I don't know why all the haters are giving it one star.
These computer desks worked perfect in my office.
I know it's a cheap desk, but I at least expected the top of the desk to have a thicker material Iike some others ive seen.
That side faces up so when the slats are laid upon it, it prevents noise and movement.
The laminate on the top has sharp edges and has glue residue around the edges as well.
Low quality construction and materials, do not purchase this chair.
It cleans very easily and after 2 months show no wear at all, and we are not particularly careful with it.
This table is a little too much for the price.
Easy to install and really minimalistic design.
Plenty of protective wrap and boxing was snug.
Even with two toddlers crawling over me, I was able to set it up in about 25 minutes.
Unable to return it, I threw away the box that it came in.
Almost too firm; 2) the seat cushions cannot be removed.
These tables are AWESOME!
If you're under 6ft good luck touching the floor with your feet.
First off, this table was three days late, I rearranged my living room the day it was supposed to come and then it was three days late.
When I first opened the package I cussed and almost put it all back and returned it.
The top was rather thin and came in warped.
It doesn't make any noise when you move on it.
I rarely ever make product reviews unless I really love the product and truely wouldn’t recommend it to anyone but this desk was the most efficient, easy, high quality things to assemble!
I recommend it !
My costco twin xl mattress topper was 77".. in truth it is 75 or 74" though it said twin xl.
I just want to mention that when I put a hot clay pot on the desk, its surface was broken, but I don't see any warning about that when I bought the product.
Highly recommended.
I didn't know what to expect ordering an Amazon private label couch, but so far it's exceeded my expectations.
Love this new chair.
you get what you paid for, this isn't the best desk out there but it works well.
I will buy more of these!
Price nearly doubled if not more a week after I bought the 55".
I love this product.
I got these desk to set up my wife and mine gaming station.
This desk was key in making my room much more open and I can is it for so many things.
This desk was sent with incorrect pieces.
Applied small felt pads under each foot just for extra protection on tile flooring.
Great item the top drawer did not line up right
The wood is soft and scratches easily.
How has it held up?
Was easy to put together.
I ordered it here back in July, at which point I had selected August 6 for the delivery date.
Adorable color and decent quality so we decided to keep it and will move it to another room when we place it with a bigger one.
Perfect for the guest room
I have used it heavily for a week since I got it and it has really helped me relieve pain in my back as I am often having to work at my desk as of late.
The only time it wobbles is when I purposely push the short edge of the table top with the intention of making it wobble.
They'll be much better quality and won't come off the second you move the table, like the foam ones did.
The nicest sturdiest desk I’ve ever had.
The chair has some design flaws, like the arms that are kinda loose (but they're padded, which increases comfort).
Know the following... - Easy to put together and instructions make sense - The crib and changing table is pretty short.
Pieces missing, looks like it could of been a nice coffee table
The desk wobbles which I'm guessing it has to do with not being able to put the bar connecting both legs on each side.
I contacted Sauder and got replacement parts pretty quickly.
My table came cracked and missing half of the screws.
She loves hers, I'm pleased with mine.
Cute table.
So, I can only give this 2-stars while I await the seller response.
The delivery  guy helped  bring the boxes  up despite  the coronavirus  going around.
Nice packaging.
When this came available for prime deal I broke down and got it.
Please package these differently or SOMETHING!
I would definitely recommend the 47" one for a small space.
The first desk I received had minor damage and was missing the hardware to assemble.
Very comfortable.
Very, very easy to put together!
This desk is simple and perfect to set up the essentials (mini desktop/two monitors/keyboard/mouse).
However I have to deduct one star for an issue with two of the chairs.
Easy to put together -- comes with a sturdy tool;  sturdy, solid, good piece of furniture.
HOLY S*** I love this chair I was worried after reading some negative comments but was thrilled to receive it working from home with this chair is gonna be a life saver truly comfortable!
The accessories are nicely packaged and clearly labeled so I knew I wasn’t missing any pieces, plus again the instructions clearly state I was doing it right which is insane to me, how can anyone put this chair together?
It looks like  lawn furniture webbing was used where the springs should be.
The desk was extremely easy to put together.
Easy to assemble and can’t beat the price.
this chair was pretty inexpensive and i have had for about a month it is is great in diminishing back and rear discomfort.
We dealt with it for one night then sat it out on a ventilated porch for 10 days and it STILL stunk to high heavens.
Not only did I fit my two monitors for work, I was also able to pile on my personal computer.
The chair looks decent, feels good, and was easy to assemble; it's just that the armrests are terribly brittle.
I'd been trying to find a desk that would work in my room, and this one ended up being perfect.
Instead of simply being able to just receive this single piece of metal in a timely manner, I have to now wait for a brand new entire desk to arrive in another 4 business days.
Now I have started to assemble this chair when I received it yesterday morning but now I am stuck trying to assemble the chair arms.
I've moved several times with this dining set and it has been easy to breakdown and setup.
It’s been 4 months since I bought this chair.
This side table is well built of solid wood.
I do feel that that is a bit overpriced, but so were all of the other tables I looked at in local stores and online.
The top table is HUGE, way bigger than I thought and I can fit so much on it it’s incredible.
Using for separate computer work space to work from home.
There are very thorough reviews on this bench so I will just address a couple things.
I bought the set of in tables and coffee table they’re great I love them I would definitely recommend buying them to anyone if you’re looking for something cheap and sturdy don’t hesitate to buy them.
I would recommend this purchase if you guys are looking for some decent As well as economic table for some extra space.
Ordered the desk got a chair.
Perfect for the work from home office
- The chair leans slightly to the right because of the right-side height adjustment lever assembly design.
I don’t have terribly high expectations for the price, but I’m very happy with these tables.
One I turned into mobile computer cart for video conferences and internet surfing downstairs while the other 2 are in bedrooms upstairs.
Due to back pain, I needed an standing desk, and this desk has been great for me so far.
Maybe it's just with the particular make of the grey couches; I am really not sure.
the head support pillow is located way too low and you can't really raise it up or anything.
I ended up putting a thick pillow in the back of the chair and that added a good bit of back support.
I needed a quick cheap chair and that’s what I got.
So far, so good.
Holes don’t match up.
I would like to buy another one & put it on top of this one for extra cushy bed!
So for a cheaper couch (about 1/2 the price) it's pretty alright by me!
While the assembly was simple enough, the entire procedure felt like it was going to end up badly.
If it reclined more it would be awesome.
But is hard and  uncomfortable to sleep in.
This couch just broke in half 2 days ago.
I am going to have to paint it... Other than that, it's a gorgeous table...
(It takes a lot for me to leave a bad review)
We stumbled across this chair and decided to buy it since it seemed comfortable and was really affordable.
But I got a refund the people were great about.
So far this chair is fantastic, especially for the price!
Hands down a prefect desk for gaming !
So here ya go.
Pros: Provides good back support.
Wanted something to get clutter off my counter and this fits the bill!
It was very easy to put together.
I needed a cheap desk for the time being and has decent cable management options.
The desk is great!
Important to know, this desk arrived late (never has happened to me with an Amazon order; could be due to COVID and other online orders) but after tracking it, it was making its way across the US, which I didn’t know when placing the order.
The assembly was easy if you can build a Lego set.
I ordered this crib for my brother and his girlfriend.
Turn the tilt knob counter-clockwise to make it harder to rock you chair backwards.
This chair might be alright for some people, but not me.
Also, the hinges that let it fold don’t have any flex, so it would inevitably have the same result if you opened and closed the top more than once or twice.
And super easy to assemble, took me 5 min each.
Desk is easy to set up.
First, I'm terrible at putting anything together but I managed to figure this out in about 15 minutes.
With a good foot rest.
Here are the issues I had with it that led to a return.
Chair looks great.
I am 6'1" -6'2" and over 250 lbs.
If you expect a high quality sturdy and lasting piece of furniture, you would not be looking at this anyway and then complain.
My  husband took a look at them too.
UPDATE 10/29/19: I adjusted my review from 3 to 5 stars.
Easy to assemble and all the holes aligned.
Also, loved the way it was packaged and the ease of assembly.
I had my screens on my ironing board.
I got exactly what I expected to get when I ordered.
The table is OK, but it had a chunk tore out on the top 1/4" x3/4"!
So far, no complaints.
It is made with what feels like layered cardboard on the inside of the table top and seats.
Since the two back frames have their own attachments to the base that are not flushed to one side, a space can be seen close at the intersection of base and the two back frames.
I had concerns about how they would look since sometimes these products are made cheap, but they looked great with no major flaws!
And the material is kind of dirty, I tried my best to clean but not useful.
My wife and I put this together pretty fast with little to no frustration.
i had it assemble in under 20 mins and i was eating at the sametime too.
Worse than the bookcase because it was built with the assumption that it would be pushed against a wall.
This couch will turn whatever color that you are wearing while sitting in it and it won’t come off.
Don't buy this product if you intend to actually use it as a coffee table.
I was able to fully recline backwards but the base is so light that it almost flipped me over.
My final complaint about this product is THE SQUEAKING!
Not worth $32 and some change!
The stress bearing parts are solid metal while the rest are hard, thick plastic.
Arm side bolt stripped itself after a month so now there's no structure to the back due to a lack of arm rest connection.
I almost didn't buy it because of the review/question mess.
The frame of the chair is rock solid and in no danger of having issues.
Color and quality look great.
And if you want to drill holes for cable management, monitor mounting, etc.
Looks very nice and is soft.
This is a lot longer than I expected.
As for putting it together it requires zero skill so anyone not handy need not worry about assembly.
I love this table‼️ I bought two of them:) Afterthe first one arrived I had to get another one😊‼️
Easy to assemble and very sturdy.
Assembly: Assembly was pretty good on all the desks!
Table is sturdy, not wobbly at all.
While these aren't showroom pieces of furniture, they assemble quickly and easily and prove to be a surprisingly stable solution for twin bedroom nightstands.
=== Ergonomic === 5 Stars!
I would definitely purchase other Rivet furniture.
It was easy to install per my hubby.
Definitely a quality piece if furniture.
On the downside, they sent me a defective frame which was lacking holes to put the wheels and stumps.
The fact that the stools fit completely under the table is an important space-savings feature.
To me that's crazy so I decided to try out this $100 after looking at reviews.
TO BE FAIR, the vendor only advertises a height of 29.1" - so they are ACCURATE in that regard when sitting on medium-pile carpet.
With that, the survivability of this chair has been extended considerably.
I'm heavy at 240 lbs, but the chair is advertised as being good up to 300 lbs.
Front of unit was defected staining was missing in an area.
It's breathable but rough.
Easy to assemble.
Easy assembly takes about 20-30 min if you are handy with tools.
Did have an issue with the piston but Customer Service stepped in and did way more than expected.
I based my expectation on the photos.
I bought the couch and matching love seat.
So far so good with the two cats.
The seat adjustments are very cheap.
Great for small items or just a candy dish.
I was pleasantly surprised.
Throws maintained shape and designs.
Good looking sofa.
Not the highest quality, but good quality for the price.
Unfortunately  after 9 months, one of the holes for the wheel casters broke off.
So the pieces look nice, but I dug through all the boxes, (it shipped in two boxes) and while it comes with about a thousand pieces of hardware to assemble this desk, I didn't receive any instructions.
I'll try to remember to update with results.
10 screws total, 2 of one type for the bottom, and 8 of another for the armrests and seat back.
I would recommend....
Has 3 outlets built in and 2 USB ports.
In this color, the seam is hardly noticeable, and most of it is covered by my mouse mat anyway.
This is my first purchase of a Seville product; it won't be my last.
Damage is assumed to be due to shipping.
You really cannot go wrong with this product.
The seller has great service after the sell.
Took 2 people less than 10 minutes to get the legs on, flip it upright and it was good to go!
It appears that the price has gone up $40 in the last 6 months, but the quality and shipping have not.
I returned it to Amazon, received my refund from Amazon, gave a 2 star review, and bought another Herman Miller.
Highly recommend, you won't regret it.
My wife loves this chair for her computer desk.
He's always complaining about how uncomfortable it is for his back...he is only 40yrs old so his back is still strong and should not be hurting this much from a chair!
Assembly was extremely easy!
It's a little annoying to my OCD but I manage with having it covered by multiple devices and not being able to see.
Maybe a sore back here or there but never an issue.
But this is an OPP chair that I'm buying to get me through the COVID-19 apocolypse so it doesn't need to be perfect or last forever.
So much better than the mattress that was on the sofa bed.
I took the seat off an old Sealy office chair and put it on the base and piston of this unit and it's working out fine.
It is very cheap, and the wooden pegs were easily damaged when assembling!
Other than the packaging, this desk is great!
There are a few flaws in the wood on the top, but that just adds to the "farmhouse" feel and look.
Added an Urbanindustrialcraft set of Steampunk weathered wood bookends.
Too much of a hassle to return, so just going to deal with it for a while.
Other than that, I love it!
I then swapped tne spote to put them in.
The cushion is firm, which I like because I sit for long periods and need solid support.
Terrible absolutely terrible it doesn't have the right screws to it I can't use it I'm pissed
Disappointed!
I did shake it a little to test out how sturdy it is, it kind of is a little wobbly I would say, and I screwed on everything securely too.
It was a day late but it was well worth it I get excited for new things 😂❤
Yes, I can loosen a knob underneath the seat for tilt, but I have to use my legs and body weight to stay back.
Oh, and the mesh is OK at letting air in, there are somedays where my back will still get abit sweaty due to the warmth.
Barely any extra bolts and screws.
The arm rests are comfortable.
Love this bed frame.
they are at 2 different levels.
Be aware when you are attaching the frame - follow the illustration for three vs two drilled holes.
My boyfriend and I just purchased and assembled this table yesterday.
I would buy another 10 they would also make great tables, I used these for my computer setup
It was super easy to put together, although it did take 2 people.
Be aware that because it is so much taller than it is wide, it is kind of wobbly on carpet.
I added 3 cheapo baskets I picked up from wally world just to see how they would look.
Let me note that I weigh 285 lbs (129Kg) and I am 5'4" (1.6M) high.
Its THAT bad.
This could be remedied with a simple L-bracket and would add to the sturdiness of the desk.
Luckily no damage.
Not sturdy horizontally.
I am 5' 8' and this table is high enough to give me lots of leg space, which I love.
The padding perhaps could also be updated with something more dense, the chair seems a bit flat.
It's not terribly comfortable - very stiff.
The only negative thing I can say is it is smaller than I expected.
I would avoid at all costs if you plan on using this chair for more than 30 minutes at a time.
Not only does this desk look amazing but the build quality is excellent even though it's definitely particle board.
I might find some other use for it.
It came well packaged and protected and was fairly easy and quick to assemble.
Its been a happy accident :-) I love it.
This chair is a good value for the price.
The chair is comfortable and well made.
I like the container on the bottom, I think I'm going to replace it with a  black or red one.
Obviously the furniture is made of ply board and a bit more weak than your average furniture, so the first time I decided to move my room around, the left edge without the shelving snapped in half under pressure.
I followed the steps in the assembly and one of the brace in the back didn’t fit, however when I stood the bookcase up and loosened the screws on the first three shelves from top, screwed in the second bracket first and tightened it up then tightened the rest of the screws on the shelves then it fit.
Very disappointed :(
The "lift" system in the desk might as well not even be there, and the material used for the actual top panel is laughable.
I loved how the black and white desk looks in my room!
I still like it though.
You screw the legs into the bottom.
The desk fit it all, and i still have ALOT more space on my right side for a laptop or anything else.
Just need to be looked at closely at some points to be sure your parts are facing the right way (specifically, the drawer rails.)
No, I don't want it to recline "a little bit" I want it straight up.
The parts "looked" good.
I really like this product.
Nice and sturdy, easy to put together.
Works well for what I needed it for, to set on top of desk to create a makeshift standing desk.
So even they like it.
A few of the desk pieces were not labeled but I was able to figure out what went were and it only took an hour and only needed a rubber mallet and a screwdriver.
He is going to like it as much as I do.
I’ve also ordered the same desk in the 55inch width for my daughter and hope it’s as nice.
This table has worked great for us!
Be warned, there is no storage underneath (which is exactly the look I wanted) so that might dissuade some.
It fit correctly.
This chair is ok.
The downward motion makes me feel it will crumble any minute
Additionally, I am able to rest my elbows on it while working and I am not concerned about it falling apart.
Spend some extra money.
I ordered the X-Large (Royal Blue) and it fits perfectly on my couch.
Just remember, do not over tighten, just like in everything and every furniture sold in the market, they tell you in the manual "Do not over tighten", so you need to know that if you can not make a full turn out of the feet, keep it little loose.
Comfortable, durable, and exactly what I needed to complete my office space.
The padded arms are very nice and soft.
If you do buy this item with the damaged packaging i'll show pictures of what to expect.
One of the best purchases I've made.
Directions are easy to follow.
Just received this.
it's ok - i wish i could give it a 4.5 as i like it but don't LOVE it.
We are very happy with this purchase and highly recommended it, as Amazon had the best price for a table of this kind that we were looking for.
My partner in real estate needed this for a new home staging we were putting together.
The only thing that seemed vague to me was the bar which goes from head to foot in the middle of the bed.
It is not flush with the frame but instead juts up and has very sharp edges.
I love the look of this table and I also bought the matching bookcase and corner shelf from the same company.
They contacted me previously about a bad review I left and offered me money to delete my review.
Its designed with a major flaw.
(because I couldn’t find the directions) He put me on hold and I realized I made that mistake as soon as I did it!!!
Maybe the regular would have been fine.
The material it's made out of is nice.
My 16 year old gaming computer desk
Definitely not as nice as appears, it’s a couch I’ll give it that, but this isn’t meant a quality one
Highly recommend.
The saying "You get what you pay for" stands true here.
It arrived several days early which I'm happy about.
Couldn’t be more happy with this purchase.
I'm extremely happy with my purchase and investment.
Ended up trashing this I’m very disappointed this is why I hate buying certain items online!!!!
It was very easy to put together but I highly recommend using a drill, it cut the build time in half.
person to sleep on.
Took me all of 30 seconds to put together.
I can feel the hard bottom of the seat area by just lightly pushing down with my hand.
Sturdy and beautiful.
It feels used, especially due to the dog hair.
Assembly was fairly simple with an instruction booklet as well as all the screws were easily labeled and all tools were provided.
Finally, after TWO hours of fighting to get the chair assembled, we stood back to look at our finished product and discovered a small tear in the back of the chair that we never noticed when we unpacked it.
It is cheaper than anything I found a Walmart or any thrift stores in my area and it promised to ship quickly so, after consulting reviews, I went ahead and got it.
They are small and tall.
The box came in good condition which surprised me.
I have zero complaints and love, love, love this desk.
On my screen it was a pinkish purple but it's a dark purple.
My kids love it as well.
One on the base cushion where I sit, right under where it isnt visable, and it's a nasty gash, but if it isnt brought to notice, it wont be seen, and the other is on the foot rest when folded, It's scraped, cut, and gashed.
I love the look of the chair but the comfort isn't there out of the box.
When installing pay attention to the part where it recommends waiting to tighten the fasteners all the way before you get the full desk set up.
Comfortable chair.
This table is perfect for all the little things you don’t know what to do with!
- Metal parts have what looks like powder coat black and no defects seen with that All in all, thumbs up!
The way some of the pieces were lying together within the box caused a few scuffs on the pieces, which I was a bit disappointed to see.
I really like how the instructions were simple enough to follow.
I'm a big guy - 285lbs.
especially if they had a wider model.
Tolerances are tight.
Instructions said assemble A +B, etc., but no parts are labeled.
I do like that it appears the chair can break down easy for moving.
Very light but sturdy.
If you have a larger monitor though, opt for something else.
I hope that screws do not get stripped.
As for the depth, I found that the distance for the large flat panel monitor was an issue so I increased its size to allow for a more comfortable view setup.
I am experienced in assembling but still stripped a screw in the armrest attachment.
Hopefully it holds up for awhile.
Works great for me these days
This is a really nice side table.
I appreciate their willingness to stand by their product and to be proactive in the replacement offer.
Overall I'm very happy with this chair and may purchase another for my second desk.
I purchased three of these chairs for my company.
Other than that, it’s a great desk so far.
Table is cute serves the purpose I bought it for and the added bonus of keeping my remotes out of sight.
The seat cushions are on the shorter side which is fantastic for someone with short legs like me.
Totally in love.
Would be great if on side of the cap would be able to open and close, hence the 4 stars overall.
Easy to set up and larger than I expected.
Really easy to assemble, comes with everything you need and easy to read instructions.
Came with ripped holes underneath, but no holes in shipping box though.
Mobility so I can move it under my shelving during non use.
(Updated 2) It's now late June 2017 and the replacement chair is still going strong.
I didn’t want to take another chance to have them replaced b/c they are a GIANT hassle to pack back up.
Smaller than it looks and scratches very easily
I was using an older chair and after a couple of hours my back and hips would be in serious pain.
In using these, my wife loves the one on one side to put her stuff on and now it's become "hers" - while my daughter loves the one on the other because she can plug in her Wacom tablet and draw while we watch stuff.
Hence, I would not recommend this chair to somebody who wants to use it for over an hour of seating.
And quality very low.
Terrible customer service along with a terrible quality chair.
Just sit/lay/sleep on the floor.
More than the quality you should expect for the price.
My back no longer sweats because of the mesh.
I'm also 5'3 and I have a shorter upper body and longer legs if that helps you at all before your purchase.
Overall I'm quite impressed with the build quality and I fully expect it to last a long time, but of course, only the time will tell.
Overall, I find this chair is a good quality chair.
Prefer to purchase items made in America, keeping our people working !
It's perfect.
Also the covers slide right off and very easy to wash.
It seems very durable and sturdy.
The chair was easy enough to assemble, quality is good, the back is comfortable and the headrest is comfortable, I like the armrest that lift up to get out of your way.
The construction of the chair seems fine, I like the moveable arm rests, and haven't had any problems with the chair itself, just the seat cushion.
With the work from home situation claiming more hours sitting at the computer, this chair is definitely not for extended periods.
I had contemplated a bar in my tiny kitchen to be used as a breakfast table but didn't really have the space for it.
At first thoughts, this chair is great for the value.
Hoping I can find a way to even the legs out.
The table shipped quickly and was very easy to assemble.
I'm 5'4" and it feels like if you're any shorter than that this may not be the chair for you.
Met our needs in a small apartment
It has happened to others.
He absolutely loves it!
Bought this to sit by my desk to put extra paper, office and computer supplies in it.
Also, I noticed one of the arms sliding easier than the other.
It's hard to tell unless your right  up on it.
Easy to assembly only by myself, very sturdy and great storage capacity.
Very slim and clean looking!
However, how they arrived makes me wish I did not purchase.
Assembly took a while and was confusing at first.
Also it is a very reasonable painless price for this nice looking sturdy table regardless of what your use for it is.
This Desk was overall amazing.
This chair isn't anything extraordinary, but you definitely get your money's worth!
Desk had several minor damaged areas.
The white will absorb any color you wear that day.
Legs just screw right into the table top.
But, it wasn't hard to assemble.
It's comfortable and doesn't lean too back with I personally like since I don't want to feel like I'm going to fall back and die like some other chairs I've had.
The locking nut contraption they use was very cheaply made.
This desk is affordable and decent quality.
That's about it.
The screw damaged the cheap plywood, making the furniture useless.
Looks great in my room, will move it to the living room in the future!
I got this chair on Saturday as my back was taking a toll since working from home.
It is easy to assemble by hands.
It is very sturdy and a good sized table.
Definitely not made to hold a lot of weight but good for a few items and great size that fits anywhere
I would say this might be more of a “small to medium sized” living room kind of fit, only because it’s quite long across and may not work for a tiny space as much as a more compact couch that are usually a couple inches shorter.
As of right now, I'm veeeery happy with this purchase.
We needed a compact sofa for my office/ podcasting area.
Maybe if I paid half the price I would have expected this.
I'm happy with my purchase and the money I saved!
Unfortunately, I had it nearly all put together and the last revealed piece was the table top ...
My parents slept on it for a week and they slept well every night.
Just a lot of gaming sessions and sore backs.
As things stand, my chair's standing, but I wish the quality control is a little better, even given the price.
This is completely optional and even by doing this, you are still saving over $200 in cost of going with an expensive alternative.
Otherwise it's a bargain.
They fit perfectly on the shelves and you can stack them depending on the size you buy.
I have called and emailed numerous times and no luck
This is my first venture into the racing style gaming chair world and I have to say I’m impressed!
If you keep screwing until the screw is tight (like everyone would do!
Then the door hinges were crooked and loose so the door wouldn't even close right.
The paint on the metal was already chipping when I opened the box.
Also, after-sale customer service is excellent.
My curent desk does not hold my twin monitors very well, so this desk is a bit longer.
In fact, our seller likes it more than their own dining set, so we gave it to them as a gift.
It is made from Bonded leather which Wikipedia defines as :  " Bonded leather, also called reconstituted leather or blended leather, is a term used for a manufactured upholstery material which contains animal hide.
The height on the chair will fall throughout the day, sometimes when you aren't even on it.
Did a lot of homework before deciding to make this purchase and I'm VERY pleased.
Had to buy separate seat cushion... Other than that it looks great, but arm rests are a bit cheap looking and the screw covers start yellowing and look different than the white plastic.
Do not buy for bed.
In comparison, you end up losing an inch because of the bar at the bottom.
My only gripe, is that after 2 years of rough use, the laminated wood texture is beginning to peel off.
Not gonna use this
I had it assembled in 20 minutes or less.
50% success rate is still a failing grade.
If I had more space for another desk I'd grab it now while it's so cheap (maybe to get folks to buy it and write reviews before upping it to the proper price??
No dislikes.
I really like how much sturdier this bed is than my old bed.
First of all, this desk feels extremely solid and sturdy unlike the furniture you get from IKEA.
Would be perfect for tall people (my legs were dangling) and the low setting would be great for shorter folks.
Once it's in place, however, the weight isn't really a problem.
Easy to assemble.
It was very easy and straightforward to assemble and it looks very clean and modern.
Downside is the seat and back fabric is burlap material in comparison with my old broken one with vinal easier to clean.
However, this chair was notably cheaper both in price and unfortunately the quality as well.
Easy to assemble.
If I had any complaint I guess it does feel slightly flimsy.
This product was missing item K the bottom of the drawer.
The pieces are numbered and it’s very inconspicuous what each number is so that added extra time flipping each piece of wood multiple times to find the number.
I have a white couch, a naughty dog, a cat, 2 children and a husband.
Just received these in the mail and I already love them!!
Very sturdy and durable.
The setup was literally a snap - you take the legs and then snap the desktop into place.
Did I mention the table is very attractive?
Next day it went right back up to almost $800.
If you put this together correctly, there should be ZERO wobble.
I got black ones.
I have no complaints.
It is easy to set up and big enough for a few montors and keyboard and mouse.
After playing my game, my neck, back and butt hurt.. otherwise, its great
But, I figured it out very quickly and did most of it without the manual.
* The packaging was good.
Good product.
This is the 2nd desk I ordered.
The drawer is difficult to open and close since it is wood on wood, no gliders.
Super easy and quick to put together!
I'm sure there are better quality chairs out there, but for the price of this one I can't recommend it enough!
Okay...so I opened the box and sure enough, the table I received was not WHITE as noted but bubble gum pink...yuck!
Great for small spaces and very durable.
The chair itself feels kind of leathery.
Everything I needed was included.
I have had this chair for over a year now and it still works and looks brand new, and I have 3 young children who play on it sometimes!
Great value for money.
Everything is nicely made and of high quality!
Cute little bed side table for the price.
Now I cannot move or swivel the chair because it makes super loud noises.
The straight legs allow for a lot of space for my PC and subwoofer to sit underneath it.
The mesh is strong and should not rip.
Very simple & great for the price
Plus some of the parts came damaged and I had to have them replaced.
It was very easy to assemble.
I used an electric professional screwdriver and it took mostly 20 minutes total time to assembly it.
Not expecting Herman Miller ergo with Lazy-boy comfort, but I get a chair that lasts a couple years sometimes longer that doesn't start to wobble and creek in less than 30 days... and that is exactly what I got with this chair.
Headboard pushes mattress a good 3.5 inches over the box spring.
Also, he wanted me to mention that the moveable arms are awesome.
Would definitely recommend others to buy it.
The table itself also feels very sturdy and definitely worth the price.
The boxes were huge.
January 2020: i love the look of this table and even tho its particle board it's very sturdy and looks very nice- I do love it, great for the price and wasn't able to find a table like it anywhere else.
Easy to assemble, sturdy and stylish!
Sad though, because if you take away that one issue, the chair was actually comfortable... Oh and my chair had a bunch of brown dust on the base, but it was easy enough to clean off so I didn't feel the need to dock a star for that.
Just wouldn’t recommend if you’ll be using on a long term basis.
Light enough to move on own while you decide where to place it.
Be prepared to have drill on hand and extra hardware.
There's no way to contact seller.
It was well packaged, there were no scratches, dents, or damage of any kind.
It literally just started happening for no reason 3 days ago.
I typically have a laptop, mouse, cell phones and stacks of paper on it.
And I think that deserves praise.
This chair is not of very good quality.
It's sturdy, and holds my tv as well as my computer and monitor.
I suppose I should've spent the extra cash on a better brand.
If, on the other hand, you are hoping to occasionally sit on it, steer clear.
Great quality, definitely exceeded my expectation!!
I suggest putting it together on its side and then standing it up once its complete.
It works for now.
If I can put it together, anyone can.
The quality was much better than I was expecting for that price!
Because you are instructed to attach the arm rest first it was no way to rest the seat in your lap so that you could keep the seat level while trying to attach backrest.
My table came in with two fairly big dings.
Pros: Good quality metal, decent wood just hope for no shipping damage.
Way way way too firm, like sitting on a wooden bench.
I love the Adjustable feet for not-so-level floors.
Nice looking, big enough for my computer.
We've had this chair at a home computer for a little over two years.
Probaby my best purchase of the year so far.
It is easy to put together... but the instructions aren't great.
2) It looks decent appearance wise.
I especially liked how the arm rests reclined with the chair.
Legs are in pouches sewn into the underside of the bottom portion and ours came with no damage to any parts.
Recommend to anyone looking for a well built table!
than assembly.
I was researching different office/gaming chairs and I was attracted by the grey color.
I bought it because I need a home office to telework in.
You do not need to read English or Spanish to understand the instructions.
It has happened twice already.
2 of the chairs are a little wobbly as well as make a noise when you sit down but with the price it works fine.
Good desk, a little bit pricey and when screwing in the rail to the bottom drawer it went right though so pretty upset about that.
It has so many charging ports and looks so beautiful in our room!
Overall I LOVE my desk ❤️🤘🏻
Again, I hate to be negative but I beg you not to buy this couch unless you plan on putting in your child’s Barbie dream house as a prop.
Chair cushions are comfy and table top is shiny and beautiful for faux marble.
Was not expecting it to be small but overall it’s pretty good
Took all of 10 minutes to put together by myself.
The pegboard has 1/4" holes instead of the usual 1/8" you get on the flimsy wood peg boards.
The chair looks great and the material seems quite durable.
No mention was made of that in the information provided.
Bought 2 of these.
The instructions are pretty self-explanatory.
Very nice ez to put together.workes perfect.for now......
I will not order one again.
Padding on the chair is comfy too.
Easy to assemble.
These are the only pros...
The only complaint about this chair, which is a personal opinion, is the pillows.
The price makes the buy look pretty, and altogether, it functions for what it was bought for, but I wish I had spent 20/30 more dollars and gotten something better quality.
I was hoping for a comfortable chair as stated in the reviews.
Overall, I would highly recommend this desk.
He tells me he really likes it......his Dad says that it was pretty easy to assemble, and quite sturdy for the price.
It was easy to assemble.
But I can say that it's very comfortable for long periods of time, the cushions are a firm comfortable.
The shop light came with a bulb, just had to remove the cover and protective film.
It's easy to adjust to the right height for me and is extremely comfortable.
Then it started to get a little squeaky.
No wobble at all just a good strong desk to hold my things!
They are out of the package and I did not steam the wrinkles yet...but was so excited to put them on.
Love artificial wood look!
There are one or two random spots of color in the wood that look a little out of place, but not too bad.
Don't think it will last too long some of the screws became lose and we have to tighten them up every now and again.
Works great one 1 in a “pack” unfortunately.
Price is also very reasonable for this kind of chair, much cheaper than my old fabric office chair, that will be donated soon.
We serve a variety of patrons as a library and these chairs were perfect.
not that comfy to sit in for a while.
You have a business, or any personal need this chair will serve the purpose!
Would definitely not recommend this.
Only downside is when you move it into place, where you want it to officially stay.
About an inch of foam separates you from the metal base.
Really ties the room together, dude.
My job has me on my feet for 8, 9 hours of the day so when I do have to be in the office, I need a good chair.
This is my first Amazon Basic chair.
Never thought I would buy a couch  online, but clearly I did and here's my input: * Four payment option available from Amazon.
The quality is low.
overall it is a comfortable chair.
Assembly was very straight foward and simple.
So you can’t lower them.
Disappointed, the one part that came assembled was done very poorly.
I am disappointed that it is MUCH darker than the image.
It’s a good chair.
It is not wide enough to be able to have a keyboard/mouse/monitor setup.
It seemed very inexpensive for the quality.
Took me less than 20 minutes and it seems very sturdy.
This platform was cheap, so we gave it a try.
I knew with this price that I wasn't getting anything super sturdy but I was hoping for a little better quality.
I prefer to leave it separate, and just push it out to a more comfortable distance for my feet.
Only hang up was assembly .. sticker that said “front” underneath of the seat was not placed properly.
The part where the two sections come together let go and the legs collapse.
Exactly what I was looking for, this desk looks amazing for the price and it was extremely easy to assemble.
I am looking to get a second and it seems the price has been raised from $250 to $450 now back down to $350.
In terms of the desk.
Even fof my dad,  whose under 6 feet, this chair is extremely uncomfortable for him.
The color and quality are just perfect for the look I was going for.
I couldn't be happier that I got this and I might even have to order another one for the other side of the bed just because the table looks so classy at such an affordable price.
Spend a few more dollars and invest in a better chair.
As stated, for the money spent, it's a pretty good choice.
Equivalent to some chairs that are double to triple the cost.
I wish we as gotten one of these earlier to replace the extremely uncomfortable original innerspring mattress.
but its hard to assemble it!
Just keep in mind when buying this product that if you are going to be using this chair on the carpet at home or in the office, make sure you buy some sort of carpet liner for office chairs.
Very comfy and very study
There is not a full piece of wood atop of it!
They slam all the steps together in 1 big step so I had a pen & marked off each piece as I went so that I did not miss anything.
I contacted the company by email over a weekend and they resolved the issue in the same weekend.
Comfy, easy to assemble, affordable, and compact.
Mine is in the navy linen.
I am actually pleasantly surprised and glad we decided to give this a try.
I would definitely recommend this chair.
Everyone has complemented it!
It’s a piece of furniture to fill a space!
liked the fact an 11 year old could assemble and set the desk up
Its a really nice chair, good quality, sturdy... would have given 5 stars but I didn't realize the back of the chair was so low.
Shipped quickly, extremely easy to assemble.
Only down side is that it is a small chair so don't expect a big-guy sized chair.
I am so happy with my purchase!
Despite all the negative reviews, I went ahead and purchased the table, along with two (2) benches.
the table did ship to me with minor cosmetic damage.
Light and cheaply built but feels sturdy enough for drinks/candles.
Blatant knock off?
When we were desk shopping, we were terrified of having to put together Ikea furniture, so we're glad we found these.
Be careful with screw length, if they are too long, they will come through and chip the laminate, use washers / spacers.
Moment you unbox you would know why I said that.
I like the reclining ability but keep in mind the lower you go the more you're likely to fall backwards (at least in my experience).
I will give to my elementary-school aged child and order a new one for myself.
It doesn't seem like they should be able to achieve both of those goals at once.
The hardest part was figuring out which way to put on the cover but I was able to rig it up to cover part of the sectional without buying an XL Sofa cover.
I cant have chairs breaking on us, as i said the table is good tho.
My rear-end is happy, my back doesn't ache, and the chair offers solid support.
However it is a good little table for some accessories and when you need a bit more space to put things int he room.
I'm not send it back just because this would be a pain in the butt to take apart and send back.
I returned it and received a second table with a damaged top also.
Just perfect.
But the 2nd one was WORSE!
I always feel secure no matter what angle I set the back at.
Desk is awesome - unfortunately it is for my home and I have to work at home
The cribs all had different types of damaged.
It is small but I’m 5’3 and I never sleep straight out.
The fabric covered up the screw holes and it took me a couple of hours to get it squared away.
It was cheap, got here quick, was easy to put together (without help) and will do until I am ready to splurge on something more adult-ish and full sized for home office use.
Poor quality chair.
May just order another one!
Easy to put together.
I wish I could get my money back or a new chair
We did however run into issues with the (flimsy) backing for the drawers, the door on the drawer also was practically impossible to mount perfectly due to a defect with the pre-drilled hole, as this is not something he uses often we left it.
I have had several of the other pieces from this style for years without issue, including the desk that I'm working at now!
It was very easy to put together and the instructions are clear and very easy to read and understand.
I bought two and looks amazing the design but for adults is not that comfy the back of the chair because it has a stopper to keep your back straight and hurts a bit.
It's the perfect size for working from home.
It matches the color of my sofa exactly and it fits really well.
If you plan on sitting for long periods of time I will suggest something with more padding.
Otherwise satisfied.
And the material was very flimsy!!
This started out easy to assemble.
Overall I think they are nice and look good!
I have put a true black remote control and a gray fabric so you would be able to compare because there isn’t a lot of charcoal color purchase.
But again, for the price, this is a great chair overall!
Purfect size for a small or tight area.
The directions were not bad in my opinion but larger pics would help a bit.
That’s huge for me!
(Shipping damage isn't necessarily their fault, but smashed corners have been a problem with the Jennifer desk for the LONG time and they've done nothing to upgrade the shipping boxes in the years I've been ordering these desks.)
Atendeu às necessidades
This table is even more cheaply made than I expected.
Very comfortable.
I like that it unfolded very easy.
I would steer clear.
An overweight person or someone with wide hips / thighs would not like this chair.
I did it by myself in a couple hours ( i am not a builder in the slightest).
Excellent chair for the price.
I just loved it
No complaints whatsoever.
I would not recommend this product
Was so much more than I expected.
Love the pullout keyboard, and put my laptop up on shelf and use my mouse next to my keyboard.
Would purchase again.
Fit perfectly at night stands in my bedroom
It’s in perfect size and super easy to put it together.
My real complaint is that some pieces don't fit together correctly.
For once I'm actually disappointed with a purchase from here!
to develop enough force to fully seat the screws.
Also, there are weird plastic bags full of down feathers in the seats which make a loud crunchy plastic bag sound and also aren't comfortable, these feathers are constantly poking out of the cushions and scatter all around my house.
Poorly made product and poor customer service from Amazon.
we have about 100 tears/pulls in the fabric after using less than a week - they look a mess already!
For home I wanted something smaller and doesn't cost too much.
It is high density fiber board but I knew that and I expected it.
My plant is about 2 feet tall, so it holds well and makes my plant look and feel taller.
I thought they would be more muted.
I think I'll have to use some oil or lubricant to fix this problem but no other office chair I have purchased (at this price point) squeaks....
If you're expecting a herman miller or knoll piece of furniture to showcase in your home, for less than $25, then you should be more realistic.
The straps should go vertically down the back and through to the front.
But my little sister did say, "Nice Star Wars chair!"
I would recommend buying 35 dollar Ikea nightstands.
The desk is not smooth so when I try to write on paper it looks like crap.
I did not realize when ordering that this table is not the size of an adult bedside table.
Cons: The seat cushion is not terrible comfortable.
I highly recommend this table for anymore looking for a compact table.
So, if you're looking for a guaranteed easy assembly, I might look elsewhere.
I'm too big, this chair is not too small, but I am still sad :(
Now we have too figure out how to store it.
Very sturdy and versatile.
I didn't send it back because I would never get all the pieces back in the box like they came.
Using a single monitor mount, the wobble is much less apparent.
He was really disappointed because we love the style.
The hydraulic bar doesn't lock into rolling base or chair bottom.
(I'll be using it as a desk.)
I have an adjacent table for my external monitor.
I have received several compliments on them and I just got them.
I am enjoying this item.
The dowels were also constantly falling out so kept them in place with E6000 glue.
I have a foam mattress, on a carpet, but I still feel my husband cough and shift because the whole bed moves.
I bought the full size.
Will definitely buy more from this manufacturer in the future!
If this chair holds up to my 250 lb frame I'll buy 3 more.
Nice table but they supply plastic cams to put part of it together and one broke.
It arrived in a timely manner, easy to assemble with just an Allen wrench which was provided, looks exactly like the pictures.
Super heavy duty and keeps my badge from getting gross!
Chair arm started cracking after 6 month, completely snapped after 8.
I'm generally pretty savvy with assembly.
I appreciate the high level of customer service I received after the initial shipment.
Quality control was also a mess with defects all over the metal.
For just for size preference if you can't really tell from the pictures currently it fits up to three 27 Inch monitors on the desk.
But this is the best thing I bought on Amazon.
The plastic doesn't feel cheap and hollow, and the leather has a suede-like treatment which seems like it will last longer before cracking or flaking.
Even without a box spring, the top of my mattress is now above the bottom of the window I sleep next to.
(I’m not a big person so it’s not buckling under my weight.)
I highly recommend it for anyone looking for a high quality bedside table.
The replacement is sturdier, and the parts seem to fit together a bit better.
I'm a senior woman and put it together in about ten minutes.
I was so surprised when I received this sofa.
A total waste.
Looks great, very easy to assemble and good quality for the price.
Bought two 55" for side-by-side computer desks.
Would not recommend this chair in a home office environment, especially if your primary job role requires a quiet work environment.
It was a cinch to put together (my 8 year old assembled it for me!).
I bought This as an open box return, I’m sure it’s a nice cabinet but I’m unable to put it together due to me missing key parts
Clever as hell.
This is a very comfortable chair.
1 Improvement I would make is have all 4 wheels locking outside of that I am more than happy with it
That had be baffled for a while trying to figure out what went wrong.
Incredibly simple to assemble, too.
We will be going back to the plastic foldable tables until we find something made of real wood.
Very sturdy.
Bought this for my mom's new office.
It's a little firmer than I would have expected which is, on balance, a good thing being down -- it means it will soften up with use and they didn't skimp on the fill.
It's cheap.
I’m writing this review after more than a year of owning this item.
I called customer service, they were useless.
You might need to tip the couch a few times but it was worth it.
But no substantial issues.
I use it as a side table.
I love this chair!!
- Lightweight.
Might buy a 3rd one for the garage.
It’s sturdy...don’t get me wrong...but for the price.
This is not a scratch it is a split in the table .
I would have given this table 5 stars except when the box arrived the box was damaged.
While it’s messy most of the time, I love my first ever desk and definitely recommend!
It took my husband a while to get together but nothing too crazy or frustrating.
Went together easily by myself, but it would be easier with a helper if the weight is too much for you, and I used my own ratchet rather than the provided "tool".
Great for small spaces.
It was very easy to assemble.
Definitely will recommend to others if they are looking for the same.
Only squeaks a bit when your repositioning your posture.
I can hold two phones and a water bottle on the top shelf.
I appreciate the value for my money.
Doesn’t fit together well.
It did take a while to regain it's natural structure and thickness.
It’s good for skinny people.
I do not reccommend it for these reasons.
I may buy a second desk and do a big U shape.
I gave it a try since it was next day delivery.
The back of the seat is very comfortable and supportive.
Great Buy for the price.
It also arrived super quick.
Decent couch for the value just make sure you get it sold by the actual seller had all the tools and bolts needed to assemble assembly wasn't too horrible got it done in 2 hours and not much one to build furniture only downfall was the shipping I had it squedualed for the 18 but came on the 13th was sort of an issue cuz noone was going to be home in the afternoon cuz of work but came early enough so wasn't a hassle.
Can this foam mattress “upgrade” my current sleeper sofa; NO, not by itself.
If you pull laterally on the ascending and descending lever it will allow you to tilt back.
This one is covered in a softer fabric though
Everything is labeled along with the instructions so you don’t get anything mixed up.
It works OK for that purpose, but it is a rather small chair.
Additionally you should receive 11 black bars (pieces) and 2 "U" bars in order assemble the base and framework underneath the desk.
Assembly is a little weird.
10 day with just my husband and I sitting on it not even regularly.
It was all very simple and easy, except when you get to the top part, you have to turn the slab upside down to put in the nails you later "lock" which gets confusing but other than that it's all straightforward.
The table must have been bounced around a lot or dropped during shipping.
It’s not large enough for family dinners, but it’s great for an apartment or condo.
Assembling The thing is where it goes bad.
I'd recommend throwing a memory foam pad or something on it if you're using it as a bed, and throw pillows for a comfort boost if you're using it for sitting.
The instructions were spot on.
It’s extremely easy to set up and it is very sturdy.
Good product.
The chair can be moved easily on carpet with once hand and also adjusting the height is super handy.
Did anyone have a problem with the drawer?
This couch is not sturdy at all the material is very very cheap feeling.
Tools needed: We used a cordless drill with the clutch helping us keep at a slow speed, but a screw driver would have worked fine.
There were several dents and scratches that I had to use a sharpie to cover.
Easy to put together with one person takes about 20-25 minutes tops.
The pictures posted by the company make it seem like your couch would be swimming under this thing, which is simply not the case.
Had looked for a long time for a desk that would fit in our small guest room/den, and because of its design, you can stack a bunch of things and feel like you still have elbow room.
Massager is average at best.
Ordering another one soon!
The knobs are connected by placing a screw on the back of each door and screwing the knob front in to it to fit securely.
I, also, picked up a small filing cabinet with a utensil drawer.
These desks are sturdy, easy to assemble, and for the price you really can't beat it.
Again, I believe this is intentional, and will not be docking stars for it as I find it a brilliant method of manufacture that allows them to provide a quality product for a lower price, without the final result being weak junk.
I'm going to have to buy another La z boy, now.
Pathetic support
The price was great and perfect size!
That was a HUGE mistake.
Honestly, I love how this item looks in my apartment.
The support is great.
Backstory and Overview: We had a "home office" but rarely worked in it.
Don’t plan to sit on this chair in shorts  All in all not impressed but I can’t take it apart and get it back in the box to return it.
I ordered two of these tables to use as side tables in my living room (each end of the sofa).
I expected that anyway for a 3 piece set at this price.
4 stars because the chair makes an audible "thunk" when you sit down on it.
Hubby has the new flight simulator program and big monitor and joy stick, the whole bit, so that is what this desk is being used for.
I love the modern and sleek look.
two selves are nice, specially with Bin Draw, where all little nigh table junk can go.
After a full work day on this chair, my voluptuous man-cheeks peel off feeling like a couple of leathery flap-jacks that have been hammered on an anvil.
The chair looks stylish and is great for my home office.
Put it together in 2 sec.
Recently I had an issue with the seat back so I emailed the company.
The bed frame is very sturdy and looks awesome.
Not only that, but one of the legs had a bent screw, so building the table wasn’t possible anyway
If maximum desktop space is your goal, this one clocks in slightly shorter than some of the other brands.
The table looks nice, was easy to assemble.
In conclusion I am very happy with the chair, 6 months it was used 10 to 16 hours a day with a fairly big person ( myself ) sitting in it.
Excellent chair!
It is wide enough for two chairs to fit under it side-by-side.
The Black Ebony Ash looks exactly like it does in the pictures.
The only thing I would change if I needed another one is to find a wider/deeper table top.
It is on the large side - no room for my bedside table - and the assembly instructions definitely exercised my spatial reasoning skills, but overall I like it.
Great deal!
Not only was this desk SUPER easy to set up, but it looks great in my house.
Parts labeled well and even a little packet of 'extra parts'.
The instructions tell you, via pictures only, that you should attach the arms to the back first then attach the back, with arm rests, to the seat.
Big and comfy
The "wood" was chipped on one of the legs and shows the material underneath.
Overall, I'm happy with the desk.
I believe it's 100% worth the price.
No problems at all after 2 almost 2 months of constant use for gaming and general relaxing.
I love this chair.
I use it to study and it is perfect.
I can't imagine why you wouldn't like it.
By this time I was fed up so I just decided to keep it with the scratches!!!
You won't be disappointed, especially if you like simple desk space.
The drawer is pretty small, but it holds my remotes and glasses perfectly.
Aesthetically this is very nice and seems sturdy and like it will last a long time.
The screws are embedded in the legs and the holes are already drilled at the back of table.
Guess it's my fault for not measuring.
Maybe it's one of those things where the man's center of gravity is more suited to certain types of chairs.
I would recommend this desk to anybody who is looking for something that is classy and elegant, yet a great value for the price.
Don’t purchase this item and seller is the another stupid person.
The chair is super comfortable and is good on the back.
Buyer beware also seller tried to fight me in return and ended up taking weeks before they would honor and still had to pay $50 to ship back to them
Definitely worth it.
I will say shipping was quick.
It was easy to assemble and the color is exactly what I wanted.
It looks great.
I wish it were a little heavier material buts it works!
We had missing screws and the support boards were WAY too short.
It’s a surprisingly wonderful mattress!
In other words, you aren't left to wonder if you are holding screw 'c' or bolt 'f'.
It took about 2 hours to assemble and I feel no support.
I was looking for a desk that didn't weigh too much because I needed to drag it up one flight of stairs to my apartment.
It was a little difficult to find the same chair in the four colors we needed to coordinate the game room with our gamer colors of blue, pink, purple and red, but GTRacing came through with these quality and affordable chairs.
But the stickers will last like two years maybe.
My big issue with the table is that packaging was poor.
I bought it based on other viewers but I found out that it is not sturdy I wouldn’t buy it.
Overall, chair was definitely NOT easy to install due to misalignment of holes.
Thanks for a great job, make this great desk.
Another small gripe is that I wish the back went up more.
It appears to be very high quality and durable, so I have no concerns that this would not last for a very long time.
I needed/wanted a simple straight computer/work desk medium size with no shelves or drawers.
Plus it came with the necessary tools to build.
Had two or three small scratches on the legs, but nothing too bad to have to return.
First just a little Info about me to see how easy it actually is to assemble....I am a disabled women with severe rheumatoid arthritis and I have had my right wrist completely removed (actual wrist)  and an elbow replacement (actually 3 months ago & still healing), So it was SUPER EASY for me to assemble it alone!!!
It's a nice chair, but don't expect rubber wheels and expect to cross thread at least 2 of the 4 bolts even if you spend 10 mins per screw/nut making sure it's lined up ... Have your own professional ratcheting tools to tighten the back to the brackets, don't use the provided tool.
Half inch thick particle board.
I should have known better.
I would not call this an island as its more of a cart.
It is very attractive looking fake wood too.
I am giving 3 average rating because its expensive, not value for money
All the controls work, and it is really comfortable.
Looks great!
Todo perfecto muchas gracias
Great side table.
Overall, a solid 3/5 rating.
But as a “gaming chair”, I doubt that’s how gamers sit...rather that, I think the manufacturer should use that portion of the money for a different feature.
Just the right size for my long narrow kitchen.
Being on a tight budget and having to spend so much money on classroom supplies that are constantly needing to be replaced, I was looking for a chair that was not only comfy but also easy on my very tight budget.
The arms wobble even after retightening all bolts.
nice and firm, easy to put together, and fits a lot of people.
If you can't do it this way you will need a partner to help you hold things.
It may be ok for a child or preteen.
Glad that I went through with this option in the end!
Feels cheap... Get what you pay for...
Would have exchanged if it wasn’t so large and the box so flimsy.
All of the styrofoam packing pieces were wrapped in plastic, so there were no little styropills all over the floor.
The seat surface is rough, it made my thigh skin uncomfortable since I wear short pants at home.
This bookcase looks incredible when put together!
GOOD MATTRESS, my company slept well with this mattress.
Very easy to setup, the instructions were slightly unclear at times but it all makes sense the further in you go.
That's no problem though because they fit tightly in between the four corners of the frame and do not fall out when I turn the stool over or sideways.
Very comfortable.
It doesn’t roll smoothly but I can’t tell if it’s the chair or my hardwood floors.
Now I get to ship the crap back.
I wished I would’ve bought it sooner.
- worklight is nice and bright.
Shipped super fast.
I roll it to my desk when I'm done playing my game.
Amazing quality, I love it 10/10
The wood is beautiful and much nicer than expected.
Even mouse usage has worn the finish off of the surface within a month....
The website: service@vivachair.com has not been helpful.
This set is nice and I like it.
Loved the table n chairs but it came chipped and a bit torn
They are perfect little end tables for a bedroom or living room.
Nice height, sturdy, looks good, and very easy to assemble.
It looks great, and fits 3 monitors (2x24" and 1x27") with some extra space.
Customer service not only replied with the tracking info, but  also sent two additional emails updating us on its location and delivery day, and followed up to make sure we were satisfied with the table.
Plenty of room for my 27” inch monitor and other setup!
Allen wrenches in this day and age.
I only listed those things because I wanted to emphasize that this thing does not wobble or sway unless I'm intentionally applying pressure to one of the legs.
I very pleased with quick reply to my comments.
It’s big, just as described.
Everything feels sturdy and not cheap.
The desks are sturdy and look great.
These chairs are very nice looking and super easy to assemble, but the edges on them are really sharp.
Works out great.
Was able to put this together myself but it took a little longer than 15 minutes!
Shipped and delivered much faster than expected.
My husband did it for me in about five minutes.
Overall this desk is great
My husband was still able to assemble it, but I don’t feel confident that this will hold up for long.
I had to first bend the supports, then pull up on the support to the right to get the screws into this section.
The holes in the legs were spaced out so perfectly that I was able to keep turning the ratchet 360 degrees without hitting any parts.
No redundant tape/cables.
Looks good, quality is OK, just perfect for my desktop computer.
Fit perfectly, the kids love it.
They were easy for me to assemble.
The seat has very little padding (comparable to a crummy old chair I got some years ago for 30 bucks).
I ordered two, I guess they were filled by two separate suppliers because the boxes were different sizes?
So the assembly was simply and fairly quick to put everything together securely.
Great support, great style and very comfortable.
At our office more people are going to buy this.
I love the fact that I can plug my phone etc into the included electrical inside the unit.
Took a look at it and it looks like the area was warped from the factory.
"We just bought it!"
It’s well labeled- just time consuming due to number of pieces & size.
The product came as expected.
Pretty stiff.
Very sturdy, and looks great.
So easy to install and everything lined up ans uses Phillips screws so u can use a drill or screwdriver, wood is solid and heavy and packaged great!!!
I still think it looks great.
I've assembled a lot of furniture over the years and this is the worst quality I've dealt with, already while assembling it broke at two places.
Love the modern and sleek design; however, there was a small tear before I begun to assemble the fulton.
4 stars as the seat is not real comfortable.
Great end tables and easy to assemble!
Wash on cold.
One is completely unsable and the other is very shaky.
I have cats and the scratch proof is great.
I mean..it's cardboard.
The instructions said that enough of the parts would be labeled that there would be no ambiguity during assembly.
Bought this based on the low price.
I tried attaching a photo to show an example of the “mark”.
Very small.
The fabric seems sturdy as well, and not easily snagged.
My 14-year- old son assembled it within 30 minutes and said it was a breeze.
Simple, easy, stylish.
Like the title says, this chair is very firm, and comfortable.
No time to return since we needed to use it asap.
There has to be a better way of communicating how to do this.
My back instantly feels better.
It took me about an hour or so but it went together nicely and looks great!!
Light gauge metal, so when they say don't overtighten they mean it.
Good value and fairly good construction.
But most steps can be completed easily by one person.
Couch is VERY firm, which I was nervous about at first, but it is actually comfortable.
However, those are a pain if you don't have room to store it during the day because you have to deflate and inflate every day.
I was a little apprehensive about investing in this but I am so happy with it!
The arm rests are a bit uncomfortable but they are easy to remove and their presence or lack thereof does not affect the integrity of the chair.
Literally and figuratively.
I think the leg rest is kind of pointless and a little cheep but when in reality are we using a foot rest while at a desk?
This isn’t even work sending back!
The dining room set looks so elegant and It looks steady and strong...I really love it 😍!
Thankfully I didn't!
We are more than pleased with this purchase.
It is a flimsy memory foam pad.
- It is very simple to assemble.
The product is strong.
Looks beautiful, extremely comfortable, heavy construction (it weighs at least twice as much as the 10+ year old Raymour & Flanagan couch it is replacing) gives the feeling of high quality.
6) I similarly felt the seat back instructions were miss-ordered.
Good for small spaces for sure.
Holes didn't align and the connector cam fittings are so flimsy they can be bent by trying to fit in.
Bought this chair for WFH during the coronavirus pandemic.
Also, the lock mechanism is starting to slip so I get a heart attack about once a week when I lean back in my chair.
Now I have a complete mess in my bedroom and no choice but the scrap the item because there's not any way to get the replacement parts.
My desk arrived yesterday afternoon.
The lumbar support is fantastic!
Looks great is very sturdy if you put it together right.
Comfortable and affordable!
Chairs like this typically start at $150 and quickly increase in price even at discount stores.
Great desk especially considering it's compressed wood (read: particle board).
Worst purchase ever and don’t recommend!
The whole desk must come completely apart if you want to avoid damaging it since it all parts over lap each other to create support/balance.
It's frustrating when the mouse hits it.
I have two items I've had for over thirty years so this was an easy choice for me however, I have to say I would NOT put this desk together again by myself!
Extremely easy to put together, sturdy and doesn't shake.
My teenage son was able to assemble it on his own.
This table should be $25 and no more.
Was a little bit of a pain to put together but overall happy.
I bought this bed and assembled it and everything was fine for a few days until I was pulling the sheets off to wash them and saw a bug.
But for this short sit, it's already leaps and bounds better than my 16+ yr old high back leather executive style chair.
So if you are not planning on moving I would highly recommend it.
I bought 2 and my couch has now adopted the smell.
They really went above and beyond, from including a special little ratchet wrench for assembly, to nice 3M pads for the legs, to thoughtful (read: not an excessive mess) packaging, to a carefully-designed method for the legs to attach solidly.
I found this one by accident and I'm so glad I did.
I just received this chair a few days ago.
I am absolutely frustrated.
The chair arrived much earlier than expected, but it's almost like they rushed it out the door.
I love this couch!
I bought 2 chairs, and they are both just fine for sitting in for longer periods of time.
comfort, including low back support, for a great price.
Not that hard to assemble but would be best with 2 people.
It was well packed in the box and all the parts and instructions were great.
This piece of furniture may not be the highest quality, but for the price, you can't beat it.
I will be ordering more colors soon.
I can't give this item a high review until I am able to assemble it.
Just got it today and kinda disappointed with the broken part.
Super comoda y segura
Seat is comfortable.
You barely rest your arm on it and its wobbling all over.
Terribly uncomfortable chair, especially for the price.
The seat is hard and makes crunching noises when you sit down.
The price is little over the average price but it works well then my chair.
This really is a nice little workbench.
The crack has grown substantially within months, but table remains funcitional.
They are well- engineered and easy to put together, just read the directions first!
No words on directions but easy enough to follow if you're used to IKEA or other RTA furniture.
This was a piece of cake and for the price very awesome deal
We ended up getting a big and tall chair.
I ignored it because it was still providing the functions as a chair.
Although there was some areas on the desk that were not perfectly smooth, it’s still a great desk.
The instructions was just pictures with no written instructions.
I was in a hurry so he made something and we could finishing putting it together., Thanks God that damage part it ended facing down.
And the actual seat depth is only 18 inches.
Felt like a huge waste of plastic and styrofoam that cannot be recycled.
We love our end tables especially for the price (student's budget).
There is a sticker saying may contain formaldehyde from off gassing , but upon reseach i found that Ikea Furniture has formaldehyde too.
These bolts continuously come loose, so don't throw away your hex key.
Love this table.
It was sooooo easy to put together I didn’t actually need the instructions
Not too sturdy though
Good  chair.
Great chair at a great price
You sit very awkward in a c shape and hurts your neck!
Or a refund?
If you're looking for a nice inexpensive desk, I highly recommend this one.
Many pieces though.
Easy to put together without directions.
Finally took the time to look on line and found this chair.
It came faster than it said it was.
I have tried calling the manufacture but so far haven't heard anything yet.
I never got around to putting it together until this week.
My Ikea chair that I bought 10 years ago was no longer good enough.
They have cup holders, remote/phone holder.
Did not come with instructions but easily found on internet.
Perhaps you all who are reading this in the far future will have a different experience.
My husband put it together very quickly.
The longer bolts won't even fit in the smaller holes under the chair, so you can't blow it!
It is being used as a microwave stand.
- Legs are the perfect distance and length for me.
This chair is only really good for a couple of hours of use before it becomes uncomfortable.
Didnt bother me any.
The headrest is easily removed if you don't like it as well.
I am not 100% sure the shelves would actually hold a normal sized server cabinet, but it will fit a mini cabinet, or external hard drives.
Assembly isn't too bad.
I got the white farmhouse style!
Very comfortable!
Great price for an additional chair for a portable laptop desk
Very pleased.
Also it smells.
Overall it's a beautiful piece of furniture and it's true to size and color.
If four people are sitting around the table with plates, there pretty much is no room left to have anything else on the table.
Easy to assemble, took me 15 minutes.
Generally gamers lean back while still holding their head up.
* Sometimes there are some "knocking" noises when sitting down in the chair and applying pressure on the back.
Only took 30 minutes to put it together..great instructions and no surprises..thank you
My sister ordered the same one and it’s late as well, fingers crossed.
Finally began putting it together last night.
This seat reminds me of an airline seat, Narrow, flimsy and requires constant alteration.
The chair, though inexpensive, isn't that great.
Things sometimes happen when you order furniture online and have it shipped.
No where in the description or the instruction booklet it mentioned anything about even recommending power tools or having someone to help you to install.
I am just now starting to show signs of wear and tear, however most of it is my own fault (not using a coaster under drinks, little knicks, etc.)
I happened to want an end table with these exact dimensions to set an object on, and this fit the bill exactly.
I am very happy with my new table.
My new office chair came today.
How is that even possible?
Thank you very much!
It was a perfect addition to my living room.
couches were a little more firm than expected but are starting to soften up.
This desk serves its purpose.
coffee and a great sports event.
If you are under 200 pounds then this chair is probably fine, it wasn't the most comfortable chair for all the "support" it claimed to give which I found the lumbar and neck pillows too stiff and awkward to use, as well as the flared up frame digging into my thighs a bit.
The top of the table isn't all smooth either, there seems to be a bubble underneath the top layer.
It is not a big deal honestly but definitely something that might get worse as the chair gets older.
And the fabric pocket is great for game controllers, tv remotes, cell phones, books etc so your table top isn’t cluttered.
I’m using it as a TV stand in my bedroom.
How do you mess this up?
Doesn’t take up a ton of room but still allows more shelf space for small odds and ends that need a home.
Another review noted sagging when adding monitors to this desk, but I feel that edge clamped monitor arms would take advantage of the metal framing and wouldn't bow the wood though your mileage may vary.
Luckily product images online helped fix my problems haha.
You need to use the included tools to assemble the screws.
Not bad at all for the price.
Ive had the table for 3 weeks now.
So a little over a month.
like most chairs the you have to assemble, the last screw is a battle.
Its a decent table, but it would be better if the height was adjustable.
This is the first table in my life experience were the edges of the surface were uncomfortable, and could be considered sharp.
I hate when you place an order for something, have it for a few days and then you get bombarded to write a review, lets be honest who really knows how good a product is after a few days, you get nothing as far as durability, longevity or in this case comfort.
It's what you would expect for the price: particle board and a cheesy fiber/cardboard drawer.
So far, the sturdiness is perfect!
I purchased this chair around 7 months ago.
The laminate that covers it is just awful.
So of 2 tables I only have one.
Apparently they no longer do that.
About the only instance I see this as being a good all-around value is for home staging, where looks are all you're really after.
I ordered one, it arrived in a timely manner, I assembled it myself, and they were right...I'm happy with it !
The movement of the wheels is perfectly balanced between smoothness and sturdiness.
So not disappointed!
I am VERY happy with purchase.
This chair is easy to assemble and comfortable and affordable.
With all the sitting I’m doing at my desk for work, I wish I would have spent the money on something better.
We got it in time for the holidays and definitely enjoyed movies and even naps!
They look great and actually look like expensive end tables.
I should have bought the full as I feel the queen is a bit large for the room, but that's my fault.
We love it!
I love this chair.
This chair new is very affordable.
I had a lot of trouble with the screws.
The fabric is soft but very durable.
Plus there's 2 lower shelves you can store things on.
Good quality.
From what I can tell, that doesn't seem to bother Amazon one bit.
Other than that very simple very elegant.
The first one I got came in with a giant scratch and the corners chipped off.
They're not part of the desk, they're just for protection during shipping.
I had to figure out how to put it together myself.
I went into the store and saw this desk assembled on the floor as a demo.
It is all plastic but looks like an inexpensive set of wood tables.
The leather peeled off and something popped and the chair is now unstable.
I really had no problems and would buy another one in a heartbeat.
It took almost no time, like 15 minutes max with just one person.
Also pay attention to the dimensions.
I'm 5'10 and 140 pounds.
I also found it easier to screw the arms to the back first and then screw that to the seat.
Putting this together wasn't terrible hard.
The dog food is kind of heavy, and we have a couple 12 pack of soda cans stored on the lower shelf on the other one, but they are plenty strong enough to handle the weight.
I bought 2 of these to match and sit next to each other up against the wall.
I loved how the material on the bed looked.
As noted in some of the other reviews it's no-where near sturdy enough - the two metal pipes which extend to support the rest are easily bent, wobbly and I never even tried using it, after constructing the chair, and noting that it was never going to work ( you'll bend the pipes and have a hell of a time getting them off / out / back in' Respawn offer a 'limited lifetime warranty' which apparently means '2 years' and appears not to cover fabric.
I doubt I'll be able to get it.
Great quality though!
Just be aware of the chair size, and I would discourage tall people from purchasing.
Very weird and suspicious.
Came with a small nick in the paint on the blue-grey surface, but I bought this table as a display for books, which hide the scratch so it wasn’t a big deal to me.
Just wish it was a few inches bigger all around.
It is an adequate purchase that serves the purpose of being a chair, but it is nothing special and I wouldn't purchase again.
I don’t regret getting this one!
Do not buy this chair.
For the money this desk is no doubt, definitely worth it.
Problem #1: the instructions that come with them show that each shelf will only hold 15 lbs.
I love the look of the table and it's nice and heavy but mine did have a crack and did have some dings on the table.
Night stand was very easy to assemble.
I was very annoyed after not getting it right the second time and didn't get around to  putting the brackets on properly.
I sit in it around twenty hours a week working on my computer and doing other office tasks.
This definitely took longer than I'd hoped it would, but I'm glad I took the time to do this right.
You get what you get for the price.
Sitting in this thing for an hour means back pain.
Satisfied with this.
What a great putchase.
However, the door was ripped off at the hinges when I unpacked it, probably due to the teeny tiny screws that were used to hold it on!
The cusions were soaked.
This stylish looking coffee table was very well thought-out.
This chair is a nice color (azure/blue) but it is very awkward and  borderline uncomfortable.
If anything happens in the coming days/weeks/months, I'll come back and update this review, but for now, I'm super happy!
Great mattress!
It's a good desk, which is why I was willing to order another one.
They come unassembled but I had them together in less than an hour.
Except for one step (the very first) which was confusing because you had to take some screws out that came pre installed to start the process, this was really easy to put together.
Super easy to put together, i put it together all by myself.
It's decent for the price, but maybe worth spending the extra 10 to 20 bucks on the some better quality end tables.
The table is sturdy enough for my wife's light office work using a laptop.
Depending on how serious you are about needed or wanting a drafting table, you might want to think more professionally.
Two wheels broke simultaneously today leaving me in a heap of chair parts on the floor.
Hoping it holds up.
Table was brought in the house, unboxed, and assembled in 20 min.
Having put some mileage into this chair I thought I'd update ya!
I read that the slats break very easily and I was nervous to actually put pressure on them at first.
The instructions call for a rubber mallet for the first step.
If the laminate and finish hold up well over the next few months, I will buy this brand again!
This is a nice looking shelf with solid (I think pine) shelves.
I'm always hesitant to buy things you have to put together because I'm frankly not good at them.
I’m in LOVE!
We were able to fit 3 people comfortably on the couch.
Easy to  assemble and the color is exactly as pictured.
UPS ground quoted me over $200.00 (76 pound item), more than the $159 cost to purchase it!
Eventually, both would slip into the reclining mode with just a little unintentional back pressure.
After a few years the leather started to wear down and peal.
I needed to add a back pillow.
I have dual monitors and my pc on the desk and still have tons of room.
It doesn't squeak or present any problems.
Needed a chair to work from home.
I love this desk.
All important things in his book!
I’m working full time from home now (temporarily) and this chair is not comfortable for full time sitting.
It has great support.
Slid right out of the box and set up.
Easily put together and is a nice sturdy desk now that I am working from home full time.
However, these had marks on the legs as if they were assembled and dissembled, as well as scratches over the top like a kid was using them to draw on.
The armrests are a little low and aren't adjustable for my personal tastes, but actually in a good ergonomic position (elbows at 90 degrees in rest position), so can't really complain there.
There were two large scratches on the side leg on arrival, but it wasn't enough to warrant a full replacement and Amazon partially refunded me for the damage.
The box arrived and I began assembly.
I been using this chair for about a week from now and I had some thought on this chair that I felt would be helpful to others.
It wasn't even a crazy session or anything & combined our weight had to have been maybe 400 lbs.
It, being a firm foundation also eliminates the need for a box spring.
I’m so upset that I want to return it but it’s a real hassle to return this bulky item.
It’s adorable and was super easy to put together and adjust when needed.
And the padding was rippled looking reminded me of cellulite.
Lovely mustard color and comfy to sleep on.
This one seemed right, but I was worried about quality.
Also, you absolutely must use a Philips head screwdriver - no using a knife or other substitute!
I love this desk and am so happy with the purchase - I don’t do reviews!
You pay $40 something dollars for a set of two tables.
Table came chipped.
I did nail the bottom down of the covers to the bottom of the couch and chair to keep it from sliding up.
I didnt know what to expect but I love it.
The rest is all built in, which is really nice.
When I first got this chair I really liked it.
I was looking for a desk to use in my home office that I could attach a keyboard tray.
The chair's back is comfy along my back, even when my feet are on the ground.
You would think to pay one hundred dollars for a chair it would last at least a year but not in this case.
If all goes well tomorrow on the phone and I have no hassle getting what I already paid for, I will change my review rating.
I T IS A VERY COMFORTABLE CHAIR.
Hope it would be gone after leaving it outside or bigger space few days.
Damaged top.
Looks great, easy to assemble but.....you might find some sharp metal pieces/shavings fall out!
The instructions are clear and I was able to assemble this in less than 15 minutes.
- The arm rests and base are actually very sturdy - Back support is pretty good.
It could easily be used as a train table or any type of activity table for a fraction of the cost of other "kid" tables.
Very easy to assemble and good quality chair for the price.
Overall, it looks nice and seems to be of good quality.
Table is sturdy and was very easy to assemble.
I GIVE THIS TABLE FIVE STARS ALL AROUND...
I bought it for $77 + taxes and used a $10 voucher from Amazon so it was really really cheap.
Still a great chair and nothing that would bother you while actually playing.
This desk was exactly what I had hoped it to be.
This one is great!
waste of money
Not too hard to assemble and looks beautiful in my kitchen.
My only gripe is that it says it’s coffee brown but it’s not.
I was a bit hesitant to buy this table sight unseen.
Had to push it flushly against the wall to keep it from moving everywhere and knocking things around on the table top just writing something quickly or typing on the computer.
Not cushy or squishy.
There was a screw missing that was the downside
I would recommend this frame if you're looking for simplicity and quality.
It's not fancy but it gets the job done.
Not worth it
Small, but fits our little dining area.
Easy to assemble.
So we need a new high chair for him because the regular seat for him was tonight for his ass lol.
Save up your money and buy a nicer one.
This is a sure sign of shoddy workmanship and the use of sub-par components.
The color finish is gorgeous.
The installation is also very easy.
But not bad.
If I could get give it back and get a new one I would.
Less gray than I expected but the rustic and industrial look is wonderful.
One oddity was that the screws didn't seem to have been put into their own little bag - we found them just laying on one of the other bags.
I really like it and its gonna be help full for WFH, Setup was simple, if you've ever put together an office chair before you know the deal.
This one fits the bill as I wanted something that didn't take up much room, didn't need storage, but didn't look cheap or unsturdy.
Cute comfy chair for long hours of homework
Matches my office theme all.
That said, this is still a 5-star review.
What I was most impressed with was amazons packaging.
All told don't buy this chair unless you have no other options.
Great chair.
That’s unlikely.
Only 6 peices to put together.
The chair is well constructed and comfortable.
Initially i was worried about all the negative comments I saw; however, this chair is great!
Highly recommend!
Cons: As long as you’re not sitting on the wooden divider between each cushion, you’ll be fine.
It isn’t waterproof but it looks great and performs better then the assortment of blankets and sheets we’ve tried in the past.
It also comes with  good warranty to back your purchases.
Assembly probably took 1.5 to 2 hours.
I lost two screws so she can't use the chair.
We were trying to put it together on the weekend and the business isn't open, which is frustrating.
Easy to assemble, chocolate color is so beautiful and great fit!
It wasn't strenuous or difficult.
Great chair in the first 1-2 days.
I work from home so I use my office chair for the better part of the day.
However, I wanted to be like the model in the picture after done with work and just stretch out and unwind.
It is very annoying and loud enough to bother my wife in our bedroom next door to my office (with the doors closed).
Buy it and your back will thank you for the rest of your life.
My son loves it and so do I!
The instructions were good and easy to follow.
The biggest annoyance about this purchase is the explosion of styrofoam.
Good value.
Recommend this to everyone looking for a little side table.
Had a couple missing pieces but customer support was quick to send me a replacement.
Fit perfectly in my room, all the wood was in good condition, and it’s not flimsy.
I'm just kinda bummed... they obviously knew, and I paid full price for this.
I scoured the entire internet for a chair just like this, who’d have thought I’d find it on Amazon.
A few months in the cushons and head rests started to fall apart.
However, if you plan on putting a plant on it and the water leaks a bit, it will ruin the area it sits on by peeling and warping of the 'wood'.
At first this couch was comfortable but after a month or so the couch was no longer comfortable.
I have filled both the shelves and the desktop and the desk holds up well.
When I am not traveling, I have the opportunity to spend a lot of time working from home.
The imitation wood finish is ok, but had some scruffs in it.
Fast delivery.
Was easy and quick.
Very comfortable, good looking, and a good value.
It has no odor and is comfortable even for the adults.
Easy to assemble and it has a great quality material.
The lining of the mattress is soft to the touch, and the mattress itself fit within within the dimensions of the bedframe as advertised (We purchased a queen) As for comfort?
Very very easy to assemble, took less than 10 minutes to put it together.
It's a beautiful crib!
The only good thing about this chair is that it was easy to build.
I consider a same-day reply to be speedy for most companies so this was absolutely mind boggling.
Overall, it is a nice piece of furniture that fits perfectly in my space.
Shipped by USPS, which always makes me nervous, but actually showed up at my door without me having to go outside to hunt for my non-existent "delivered" package as usual.
I ended up drilling through the holes with a 7/64" drill bit.
This task chair seemed to fit all of my needs.
2 weeks of use and the stitching has came apart.
Would definitely purchase again!
However, there is a hidden cost to ordering this online.
The Bad:  I wish the arms adjusted down more.
Gift for daughtet
One of the joints of the frame was not properly tightened and would not fit the table top.
There's a reason this chair has as many good reviews as it does.
I haven't purchased yet, I've never seen this desk in person, I just I needed the dimensions so I found them and just wanted to leave them here for anyone else who needs help.
This is a good couch for the price.
No it is not solid wood but the surface area is immense.
I’m 5’11” and it’s totally fine for laying out on and taking naps.
It's pretty firm and not quite as deep as I'd like but I think after some use it'll become more comfortable so that's not a big deal.
I unplugged the power for a minute, then plugged it back in for a minute.
The area on top of the desk where I use my (laser) mouse is scuffed and abraded.
It is absolute trash to sit on.
I'm sure some folks will get lucky and screw in something not perfect somewhere else that would eliminate this problem, but I ran into it.
Definitely a great space saving dining addition to my small open concept home.
A small problem is the drawer does not snap or lock closed and when you move it the drawer opens.
They are beautiful, easy to assemble, and sturdy.
Won't be long before I'm having to repair that, but no big deal.
Nice handy end table by love seat.
My wife ordered this product to replace a round pub table taking up too much space.
Seat is to small to sit comfortably on, cup holder is virtually unusable, and is very uncomfortable to sleep on.
This is exactly as pictured.
They are poorly glued laminate covers over particle board like most cheap furniture.
It doesn't bug me too much as my desk is adjustable but it is something to consider when dropping $150 on a chair.
It arrived rather quick.
The price you pay is for the looks.
The Main Downfall is, the larger cushion of of the 3 is impossible to sit on.
Sometimes, the lift/height will give if you sit down quickly or jump.
Nothing in the instructions nor in the advertisement about the chair.
I am and average person about 5'8" 177lbs so it I fit fine it the chair, but if you are a bigger person this chair might not work for you.
It took me about 30mn to get it fully mounted.
This chair uncomfortably pinches my thighs and rear and I can't sit in it long without it hurting me.
Just the right size for my corner home office.
Overall, I found this to be an attractive, comfortable, serviceable computer/office desk chair.
It’s a simple design and sturdy.
Seriously no complaints!
I would not have wanted to use their tool.
The lumbar is perfect.
I put the tower on the desk because PCMR.
The wheel smoothly move around the floor.
so there are uneven peices and the desk is not very sturdy.
But, one thing I couldn't forgive is there was a section that was broken on one of the side pieces and someone applied glue to it I suppose hoping no one would notice.
It is an attractive table.
I developed this lower back pain years ago when I sat too long for a couple of months to prepare for an important exam.
It’s firm, but comfortable.
arrived on time and now i am enjoying working from home.
The color is an off-white/cream color.
As soon as the review was made, they contacted me and offered a whole new chair too.
It was more work than I thought it would be, but I was pleased with how Amazon handled the situation.
The holder on the side comes in handy as well.
There is literally no screws or need for tools, which is a plus.
One the same way and the second I am to blame as I PURPOSLY tightened the screw too much to compare damage.
I absolutely love them!
For the price this chair is good....
I'm just going to leave it in place for now.
I attached a photo of how the cushion is starting to mirror how I sit.
Don't expect it to last a year in all honesty.
So this thing should not have broken.
Now he has this sturdy wooden table & the dogs can't knock the legs off 10x a day!
Anyone over 6’0 / 200lbs is going to hate this chair.
It also creaks a lot when moving around, but most chairs do that in my experience so not a big deal as long as it doesn't break.
It is huge and stable.
The fabric is actually discolored.
Nice looking comfortable chair.
Excellent entry-level chair for a gentleman.
Put this together by myself in 2.5 hours using cordless drill/driver.
Great chair for the price
- The desk has a ton of work space on it.
This is so funny cause I think the part was missing.
The person I spoke with was very helpful and pleasant to speak with.
Easy to put together and extremely comfortable chair!
It is very solid and supportive.
This set fits perfectly in our open living/dining room.
It is a lovely table as long as it is used gingerly.
Chair is good quality and nothing is wrong with it so far.
I wasn't expecting much when purchasing this end table.
I put a piece of meisanite in the back to cover cables looks great.
Also there were some comments on the page that had the missing instructions so I recommend looking them up.
Im 5" tall and this couch just barely goes above my waist.
It’s also very soft and easy to assemble.
DO NOT BUY INVESTMENT YOUR MONEY ELSE WHERE!!!
Perfect for beds with out a frame under or a kids room.
Ended up buying this and it’s comfortable.
I will me moving soon so I don’t have the time to send it back and hope the next one is in great shape.
Also use the ratchet to snug down all the screws.
I love this chair, I don't think you could get a better chair for the price.
I really have nothing bad to say about this product it's truly beautiful and much better than I expected!
Was expecting heavier quality materials for the price.
Happy with my purchase.
The chair seems sturdy and has a great look.
This chair has an awkward seating position and the tilt function doesn’t seem to work or how I would like it to work.
only issue one of the corners came chipped in the packaging.
All in all, a good deal for the money.
It is as described, was packed well and  came before expected.
I wouldn't really describe it as Espresso though, it isn't nearly as dark as my other wood pieces.
So happy i got this desk.
Overall good chair for the price.
had an issue and they resolved it immediately.
I feel back pain after a long time sitting.
It has two functions that I particularly like.
Easy to assemble just screw on legs and voila.
My only complaint is the seat cushion is a little thin/soft.
Mine didn’t come broken or dented.
We just use them for bed side tables, to hold clock, lamp, cell phone and my water bottle.
This chair was really easy to put together!
It just hangs out at this awkward unusable angle.
I would have given it 4 stars but the packaging was torn, there was a stain on the foot of the panel and a chip in the wood, in which I took a black sharpie and colored it in.
Very sturdy and goes well with any interior design style.
This sofa is perfect for small apartments and those looking for something to fit their budget.
What makes me the most mad is the padding on the butt area.
How do u fix that...?
Seems to be good quality.
I was worried about sturdiness, but this is sturdy for a small desk.
There are holes missing for screws and the holes for the brackets do not line up.
It doesn’t look nearly as nice as the picture.
Seems well constructed as well.
The quality of the product is very high with a very very affordable price.
They need to be very clear in their description that there are only 2 drawers and include pictures with a the drawers open.
Its plastic.
I really like it.
Sturdy, looks great, low price- what more could I ask for?
It's not solid wood, this is for the bedroom.
No complaints.
My boyfriend didn’t like the chair when and had everything to say about it....until it came and he got used to (and comfortable might I add) using it at his desk (despite already having a cheap Walmart desk chair) before we got my home office set up.
This has never happened nor have I ever seen it happen to someone else.
its easy to put together, sure.
It exceeded my expectations.
Fits a Prusa i3mk2, if you’re shopping for the same reasons.
Part if desk is damaged in two places
Also the fabric is very flimsy it ripped.
(nice quality wood and steel)
Clearly, I am not expecting anything at this time, except someone acknowledging the pain and inconvenience that I have suffered.
You have to know that at these prices the item is particle board and plastic.
You find your back tilt position, then lock it with a side lever.
The arm rests are a bit wobbly with even the bolts being tightened up, but nothing to cuss a cat over just yet.
Pretty easy to build.
I am a 60 year old female and I need to get it up and resume working , it took me a while, to get it up.
However those can be purchased.
The recline feature is really nice but can be turned off.
The company knows good and well what it’s doing, charging that 20% restocking fee; since they expect people to be dissatisfied with the product, they’ll ship it back to them and then keep their $80 or so dollars on top of the horrible experience.
So far, we highly recommend.
It looks fantastic in person.
I saw some people’s reviews saying it was green, ours isn’t that way at all.
I like my money back, the couch broken in have,I'm not happy,the couch broken in half, i can't seen it back..it was not no good.
I can't recommend this desk enough!
I had to tape the screws to the metal piece so they wouldn’t keep falling out.
Well made, easy to put together, fast delivery and fast replacement of a piece of damaged hardware.
Package arrived in one large cardboard box.
Many thanks - surely saved us some effort.
The bed portion pops out as it should and the memory foam mattress will work for my 6 or 9 year old grandsons.
You have the option to buy 1 pack or 2 pack however 2 pack doesnt mean anything and you dont actually get 2.
I purchase a full instead of the queen which is the actual size of the sofa bed, but I don't know how to returned, so I keep.
Not confortable to sit.
It was real easy to assemble and it is quite sturdy.
Good quality and easy assemble
OK -- a few things.
What a great desk!
It looks much more expensive than it actually is!
the instructions I found online were decent but not great.
The wood stoppers : one was broken.
Desk feels very solid Great value for money
No tools needed.
Decent for the price.
(for size reference I have toy poodle that fits easily under there and a bloodhound that also can fit by crawling under and laying on his side).
It went pretty well (once I got it to the right height).
Maybe good for a relatively short person.
The leg room is great, and for shorter people or people with chairs that don't raise very high, the desk is adjustable.
Chair is very flimsy.
Then you might find out it is a pain in neck/back that you are stuck with, and a very expensive one at that.
Without threads.
Very smooth hydraulics when lifting and lowering.
The only problem is the paint on the edge of the desk which is not top notch after a few months the paint wore away slightly showing peeps of the light colored wood underneath but this is a minor problem and not that noticeable.
Directions were reasonably coherent and I was able to do it myself without another person (except for my toddler who was trying to ‘help’).
Pros: I particularly like the wood grain pattern (see pic), ease of assembly, size and height.
Its advertised as being made out of leather but the coating on the arms are so thin I personally find that it would be impossible that this is real leather.
I would get this desk again if need be!
The corner piece does not sit flush with the 2 sides.
Their explanation was due to the distance of my address from their warehouse, it would be easier for them to make an earlier delivery to me.
But the size is just too small.
Maybe it's because I'm only 135lbs but this chair has no structural problems for me at all.
Looks nice.
Absolutely perfect except the fact that the mattress wanted to slide off the frame.
I have never been so disappointed in a product or a company.
When writing on paper that is laying directly on this table, the grittiness tends to "bleed" through a little bit.
Bought "gently used" and came with a scratches all over the top of it.
I do not think all the parts came with this item because it states that I should insert the small wooden things and I have non.
Bought over a dozen of these for our small office.
If you have to sit on this thing for more than 30 minutes your butt will not thank you for it.
Dislikes: 1) The backrest has a plastic piece on the back that snapped (either upon arrival or during the assembly process, it was hard to tell).
Love the chair otherwise.
It is not super thick but Ok for short term sleeping.
Purchased these for my guest bedroom so easy to assemble took 5 minutes!
Waste of money..
I would defiantly reccoemend it!
It rotates 360 and its adjustable.
It is sturdy and was easy to assemble if one thinks before putting the bolts in.
In fact, it's extremely well designed and super thought out.
Will change rating after I get a chance to actually test the desk out.
The “velvet” is more like a soft microfiber.
It's also cheap.
Not an issue as long as you interlocked everything correctly.
yes, it still creaks (if you so desire to take a seat) but its still standing.
Comfortable chair but not really for short people the seat leans forward to me and I feel like I am falling out of it but my sister needed a chair and it fits her perfectly she is 5’5” and I’m 5’1”
Looks: Very good, considering how cheap the desk is.
It was a sturdy and easy to assemble chair, however the seat is angle is not high enough which makes it uncomfortable.
Obviously right?
I've had this chair for about 2 years or so.
Great size!
This chair is small, more suited for a child in grade school.
Highly recommended........
It is comfortable and in good quality.
Remember, like everything else made, it is Chinese.
This desk was even more beautiful than the pictures on the site.. we love farmhouse rustic and the wood look is amazing and my husband love it for his new gaming station .. super easy to assemble (pay attention to directions) my kids were able to help put together..
The height adjustment causes very loud noises.
It's beautiful and very sturdy.
We ended up using a knife to make our own hole.
Not worth the cost.
It did take me longer than expected.
Also, reading comments about putting this together with 2 people (even the instructions suggest it).
it does not.
Not a huge deal as it meant one of the 4 legs was missing a screw.
But it's not the same without Robert Stack.
Nursing student here.
Slipcover was comprised of good material but when installed had a hole in left arm of slipcover.
Using a stool would have made it easier.
It took me a long time to put together, just because the instructions weren’t that clear FOR ME, I had put a few of the wrong pieces together and had to undo them several times, etc.
The instructions were very clear, all hardware was included and a small screw driver too.
Overall, I am very happy with this chair's construction.
Only problem is the installation took me a few more minutes than expected.
Hope this review and posting the error info and reset settings help.
Loved how easily it was to assemble.
As time goes on I'll update.
The fake wood look is nicer in person
Other than that, it was super easy to assemble.
A complete waste!
A very good chair for the money.
Returning the entire thing seemed a big waste of shipping and I need the piece to furnish my new apartment.
Due to Covid-19, I've been working from home and will be the rest of the year (at least), so I wanted a desk for my "home office" that could hold my laptop and monitor.
All packaging was protective and arrived fast & protected.
I recommend this stainless steel table to all.
Use as an end table...for a small lamp and TV/Stereo remotes.
Are there better chairs that cost way more?
Functional Good for a college dorm room Cons: Not an impressive piece of furniture, plastic poles.
Wouldn't consider this something to lounge in really, more of a work/task oriented chair and it does very well at that.
It keeps creeping back down and needs to be adjusted daily.
It light enough to move on my own but seems sturdy enough to hole all my computer and tablet stuff.
I ordered two of these, shipped pretty fast boxes where not torn or thrown.
1 leg is slightly uncomfortable at all times have to constantly reposition in the chair Overall I cant recommend this chair at this price.
I thought that was a good sigh as a sturdy chair should weight a lot.
I am very pleased with this office chair.
This is a very nice chair.
When I was first looking at this chair I saw complaints about it being too small for "bigger guys".
I love this table.
Worked out great!
It was super easy to assemble, but the notch that you twist under the seat doesnt twist for me, it's like it's stuck.
Three screws are holding very well instead of four.
Plus with the holidays coming it will work very well to provide extra seating for dining.
My son is using it in his college dorm.
Maybe if two people put it together at the same time?
Assembly was easy, I did it by myself, and it’s constructed and fitted together in such a way that putting weight on it makes it more sturdy.
Looked too thin at first and then I laid on it and it was perfect.
Really like this replacement so far, will see how long it holds.
Way too cheap.
It's well made and solid.
PROS: - Comfy seat.
It is finished inside and out, even came with felt pads for the legs.
Perfect color, and it fits well in my home office.
Great customer service and a decent product for a decent price is why I recommend this chair.
It just randomly collapsed today.
Please bear with me as this review has a lot of details...after a hassle with the USPS, I finally received this table (no fault of Amazon nor the seller).
Still, pretty easy to put together.
Velcro would probably do the job keeping it down as it only rises a bit.
Otherwise it falls to the bottom position.
They want me to pay to return this very heavy table when the fact is they shipped it improperly.
It is super sturdy, looks great and I like that I can set presets for the standing and sitting heights.
The pieces and hardware alone looked intimidating at first, but everything is clearly labeled and you really can’t go wrong.
no kiddos yet, no pets, and between he and I , Im a tiny 5' 3" person and my husband is 5' 5" , neither one of us exceeds 150 pounds.
The pictures many have posted in their reviews show a different chair??
Decent chair especially for the money; Pros: + Soft leather + Great lumbar support + Incredible price for a leather chair with this style Cons: - Chair back only reaches mid-neck for me and I don't have a long torso (I'm 5'11 but torso length is most important for seating height) - Where you sit (the mesh area) is the least padded area of the entire chair, and you can tell if seated for a while - Very minor, but wish they included washers for all the bolts on the bottom so you can torque them down nice and evenly Conclusion: I think you get what you pay for and then some with this chair.
-The quality is okay and durable; I can find myself sitting on this for another few years -The overall chair is soft; it comes with 2 cushions: 1 for back and 1 for neck -Comes with extra screws incase you need them in the future.
We do plan to get a board for under it since the bed frame of the particular sofa bed we use a our daughter’s seems to be lower in middle than sides.
Operation is smooth, the arm rests are extremely well designed and you can easily tell it’s high quality just by the materials used.
I guess there was no quality control, missing a lot of hardware.
Love this coffee table.
Like anything else, you have to take care of it and condition it whether it is genuine leather, or pressed leather.
I do not recommend this brand.
If you have insomnia I wouldn't recommend this product it will make your night worse, and if you don't have insomnia also don't recommend it!
I am disabled and I need a higher seat back.
It's solid enough in the construction that it's not going to wobble as I use it and it doesn't look like a folding table (although it actually does fold up).
The color was a good contrast to the furniture.
It definitely did its part in not taking up much space.
Holds so much weight without being attached to the wall.
But if you are looking for an amazing all-around great chair, combined with THIS price; you won't find a better deal.
But really... Maybe there are people for whom this chair wouldn't work.
The top is not smooth.
They are really wrinkled and not nearly as square or full like the pictures.
I was able to put it together alone and very quickly.
They were easy to assemble and are surprisingly sturdier than you would think for that price.
Forces me to seat straight.
The instructions are fairly easy to follow...if I can do it, anyone can.
One long box with footboard and side rails, one big rectangle box with the headboard.
step 1 has it's own hardware bag as does step 2 and so on.
Very easy to put together, I love the look of my new desk and would recommend it to others who work from home and are tired of sitting all day.
I ended up mounting a slim Dell Optiplex PC and speakers on the top shelf which fit great, and was easy to hide wires.
Great price but the item came chipped on both sides of the table .. looks nice but made cheap
Like other reviews have said, this thing is not the most well-made.
The pivot arms also comes in very handy.
I don’t use it for gaming.
I love the chair and company had great customer service.
it only took him about 15 minutes to put it together.
The installation was fairly easy and took hardly 5 - 10 minutes to assemble.
Even knowing a rough estimate of the size, I thought it was slightly short in comparison to my expectations.
The edges are sharp and you would expect to not have such a blatant imperfection like that and I’m concerned about my little one mouthing it.
Throughout the entire time I've had it, after a few hours of use (for home office), my back starts hurting.
But that’s cause I have a PIV card reader and it pushes the card.
Very comfortable after tweaking with all the adjustments.
My hips and legs get very sore.
Took me about 4 1/2 hrs.
I bought this chair for my daughters room.
At 55 inches it's not too big and not too small, plenty of room for my little guy to sprawl out and harass me.
Love being able to stand when I want.
Great purchase.
The directions were easily to follow and it took under an hour for me to put it together.
I find myself considering sleeping in the chair  over my bed despite both being equally comfortable.
This chair is fantastic.
The instructions for assembly are probably the worst I have ever seen, and the parts don’t go well together, and are poorly manufactured.
One of the chairs' wheels doesn't move around very well and just scratches the wood under it so we had to put a mat there.
It was super easy to put together,  build quality is great for money.
The height of the chair is good for my long legs.
Cons: - The box it came in was slightly damaged, so one of the top pieces had a ding (last picture), but other than that there was no damage.
This has got to be one of the worst chairs I have ever bought.
I would not use it as a coffee table unless I was very very old with no children.
I just really wish it hadn’t arrived with so many scratches.
I found this table after buying the coffee table.
Sick of particle board garbage
Highly recommended!
My husband brought  the masks home and maybe he will get around to unpacking it.
(Bonus points for providing the tool to assemble) It took about 10 mins to assemble.
Ordered both the 89" sofa in chocolate and chair in fawn.
So easy and priced right for staging a real estate property
Marble looks great.
I then submitted again thru Amazon for a refund.
It was super comfortable.
The power strip inside the table has 2 outlets and 2 USB inputs so it works great as a living room cell phone station and acts as a pseudo extension cord for harder to reach outlets in my living room.
It is quite sturdy.
Nice convertible/sleeper couch.
Purchased this item for my two granddaughters new apartment, empty apartment and they love it.
Delivery took 6 days, not 2.
I moved into that apartment 1.5 weeks ago and so this table was not assembled or taken out or the box until then.
It made my back feel good.
Had I known this, I wouldn't have bought it.
I just hope that the boards are aligned properly because i did what the instructions says but its not aligned properly so i had to cover it.
They haven't cracked, chipped or started to bend at all since I got them.
The entire chair is sturdy and well made, though I do wish the seat was a little wider - it feels a little narrow in my opinion but not uncomfortable.
I am a 5'4 female and I fit in the chair just right.
I also like that its adjustable.
Absolutely perfect in every way.
This is THE most unstable chair I've ever owned.
They expect you to just muscle the holes in by screwing them.
They are made out of cheap materials but the stain makes me feel like an adult with adult things.
This is not an ergonomic chair and cannot adjust to be such.
Top of desk came chipped
You unfold it, lock the legs, put both pieces together (For a full bed) and lock them together.
Each set of screws is in its own bag with a reference number that appears in the instructions.
Table was well packed to prevent damage; chairs also.
This one is a bit sterdy providing you the healthy posture for your back.
It's pretty straight forward, but could be easier with better instructions.
I like the color as well.
As for the downsides, the instructions, while informative, we’re not entirely intuitive.
so it started of bad by the day before i got it i checked fedex to see exactly where it was and it said i was being delivered to florida and i was like WHAT and i wrote all sorts of things to fedex and dowinx sorry for that dowinx but when i actually got it it so comfortable and i just love it
Surely materials like... wood... are available at least on the same or a neighboring continent and it could have been made a little closer to it's destination market.
Easy to put together, sturdy and looks nice.
You should have a good idea of what you're getting into with such a low price.
I would not recommend doing this as it bonds it permanently.
Hoping that it is durable enough to last for years!
I was wowed by the thousands of positive reviews.
We have a very small office so we looked for a good chair that has the support and not bulky- we found our perfect match!
They did everything they could to make sure we were satisfied.
PROS * Supremely well thought out design.
First, the pre-drilled holes are in no way pre-drilled enough:  It takes a muscleman or an electric drill to screw in the screws in eight places.
Very comfortable chair with all the adjustments you would want.
Super happy with my purchase!
All and all, amazing set and wonderful costumer service.
As a relatively big guy (5'11" 270lb) I really don't know what all the hubub's about on this chair being "small".
By the second day the frame of the footrest broke.
I like how the fabric breathes-- so it is great for a house with no air conditioning.
I hope it helps.
I got it delivered the next day!
These are absolutely lovely end tables for the couch.
IF you are a fan of L shaped desks I would absolutely recommend this one.
And of the genuine reviews I've seen, the most common criticism was its built quality and reliability.
Instructions say two people are needed, but I don't see why, except, perhaps, to turn the table over as it is 39 pounds.
Comfortable.
Out of the box, I slid the table top onto an old quilt, That protected the top and made it easier to slide it around on the garage floor.
My main concern about this chair is that it's prone to tip forward when a lean forward and it's quite annoying.
I was thinking that the benches would fit under the table - they don't.
I bought two of these chairs, we assembled one and everything was fine, when assembling the second the armrest does not fit in the holes.
I’ve had it for a couple keeps and I haven’t been upset about a single thing yet.
This thing is built like a tank!
This coffee table looks great, especially for less than 100 bucks.
Unlike another chair I had to return, this chair is roomy for me (I'm 6' and 305 lbs) and seems fairly well built.
The reason I'm going to return this chair is because the armrests are not wide enough for me.
Quality is great and the glass is nice.
Definitely worth it!
Then I decided to get a smaller office chair.
Legs are metal painted, will review later if I see the paint cracking.
They slid out of place when I accidentally dragged it after assembly.
Cam locks don't fit in the holes for connection.
It was a Santa present for my kiddos and didn’t open it until Christmas Eve.
Wouldn't order this again for my 6 year old.
I liked this product so much that I ordered 2 more as night stands.
Also, the center the center hydraulic post was damaged.
Granted, I've only used it today, but it is an improvement over my last desk seat: a wrough-iron bench intended to be placed decoratively in a boudoir or bath.
You won't be disappointed!
Very good product!
No more backaches from leaning forward in a low-backed chair, or not being able to lean back and see the screen.
I just finished assembling the desk and am very disheartened.
BUT, I've never built furniture with such terrible quality parts.
My team loves it.
A little smaller than I expected, but it’s the perfect size for my apartment.
Instructions make it extremely easy and quick to assemble.
Not comfortable
The chair is hard.
It’s not a super deep sofa , or made to have kids jump on.
They notified me an hour before they arrived at my residence and delivered inside to my apt which was a major concern for me.
-The levers are firm and I can easily distinguish where and when it locks into place when I lean back the chair, I can almost lean the chair completely flat and with putting all my weight back the chair remains balanced.
The measurements to this sofa fit perfectly in my small living room!
But they look cute!
The fabric, for the basket bottom is durable and in a canvas style, it will unfold completely after about a day, until then you will see some lines and it will look like it isn't hanging properly.
We will probably upgrade the changing pad as well.
This desk greatly improved my quality of life and my legs and lower back are also thanking me for it.
For reference i am about 210, so not near the weight limit and was careful sitting down to not lean back.
The printer is probably ~30 pounds, but the table doesn't show any signs of sagging or fatigue.
The thing that really helped was that the metal frame was all labeled numerically so if the instructions said connect #8 and #10, it would be easy to find since you just had to find pieces labeled 8 and 10.
Is perfect for small kitchens with big families.
Easy to assemble.
If I remember right - the arm rests are kind of tricky as you have to make sure they are in the hole perfect when tightening the bolts.
Definitely a reliable and worthy product as long as you can deal with some of the cheap parts and lack of padding.
Sturdy and spacious.
Perfect end table next to my chair.
Cute end table, exactly what I was looking for but as multiple people also experienced, it arrived broken.
Much nicer than the picture.
It arrived early but the package was damaged.
Quality throughout.
Only thing I would look to add would be drawers but I have those on my other desk adjacent to this one.
Only took me 5 minutes to assemble the desk.
I have moved and inadvertently used my old address and UPS would not return it or free so I had to have the new tenant forward it to me at  cost of $43.
It was very easy to assemble.
More like a "Meh" quality.
So disappointed I haven’t assembled the chairs yet.
I’ve bought three affordable couches online over the past couple years and this one is by far the best.
Very easy to put together and the instructions were simple.
This table is pretty much cardboard.
Dog hair gravitates to this, but is super soft
Very, very easy to build.
It's solid joined wood.
First and foremost, I'd like to mention that the support team went above and beyond for an issue I had.
Wouldn’t recommend this chair to anyone.
Satisfied with purchase.
Parts were missing.
I got this as a gift for my boyfriend and it works great for a gaming setup!
It was very easy to build and looks great.
All parts were accounted for.
The chairs are pretty comfy, had nice back support.. the only thing that bothers me is that the table top gets dirty easily.. fingerprints, handprints.. all visible.
We decided to give our home office a slight make-over, but don't have a ton of space.
However, There is a constant smell coming out of the table.
I want to really love this.... but instead I'm settling for "not regretting buying it, but hoping I can jerry-rig a way to stabilize it."
It was smaller than I expected, but it still gets the job done.
Perfect for me working from home!
This is actually quite a nice table for the cheap price.
When not charging, the cords fit inside the compartment.
A little firm but it a nice addition to our living area
I was previously using one of those small singular framed desks from Ikea that had a small compartment on the bottom for the PC unit.
Very easy to assemble and they include any needed tools.
Holes were not in the right place, by a lot.
For the price I paid I was really expecting it to last longer than 5 months of regular use.
HE NOW UTILIZES HIS OFFICE AND STAYS OUT OF MY KITCHE DOING BILLS!
It does get scratched easily.
All in all I would probably purchase again.
Thank you Vecelo.
It’s a little smaller than I anticipated but it does what I need it to.
However it can be reversible so buy it as per your room arrangements.
I had to give up on putting one of the screws in because it needed stronger hold of hand which I don't have.
Chair is very comfortable, easy to assemble as long as you go step by step.
Very pretty,  shipping took months though
This price is way cheaper compared to Wayfair for same exact item.
Drawers are very durable and NOT flimsy.
Also, they placed the company name sticker right on the top of the most visible side of the desk, and trying to remove it had resulted in peeling the black paint off.
Packaged well for shipping process.
Assembly was easy.
I'm considering ordering a second one.
Tighten them until they are all tight then go back and tighten until they do not move.
The cushion scratches my legs if I'm wearing shorts and whatever the chair arms are covered in comes off onto my skin.
I've been using it for a few month.
This is the best gaming desk ive ever purchased.
I also like the color theme which does not clash with the rest of kitchen.
The delivery process for this couch was a total nightmare but that wasn’t Amazon’s fault exactly.
Package came all banged up styrofoam was all over the place.
Works as an inexpensive desk would expect.
My son is using this for gaming, but it could be used for so many things.
All screws and pieces supplied.
I have to send it back which is a hassle with a table.
At first, it felt so lop-sided that I thought for sure a wheel had somehow popped off but no, the chair itself was suddenly crooked.
It was extremely easy to build.
The white color is perfect.
Now the hydraulics are failing.
The way the parts fit together indicates the level of detail taken into consideration when this product was designed.
Space saver.
The automated call said it would arrive between 3pm-6pm but actually arrived before 2pm, also that they were not coming into the apartment because of COVID-19, but the guy was nice enough to push it into my backyard and glass door to the loving room.
Highly recommended.
The fit felt rigid so I didn’t want to force it and took it out.
I literally love this desk.
Sturdy and nice color.
Original: I was super nervous about ordering furniture online with out seeing it in person.
VERY sturdy and nice looking!
The ones on the side where the drawer is are definitely not going to stay as the drawer itself will knock them off while sliding in and out.
What a horrible piece of JUNK!
You get what you pay for.
It has great lumbar support.
The color is true white and it’s definitely as described in the picture.
Added these sleek wheels to my new office chair.
Easy to assemble!
Very comfortable to sit in, it’s our new reading nook.
I understand I'm at the higher end of the weight range, but the foam was not supportive at all.
If the 'two pieces of wood' thing on the top of the desk doesn't bother you, this desk wins.
8/30/18 Update:  After communicating with Amazon no accommodation will be made for this defective product.
And can be difficult to screw into wood so they are flush in each corner.
We were just using an extra chair at the house for her computer chair, but I snagged this one when it was on sale so she could have something more suited for her.
Can’t wash/clean off either.
The pre-fixed holes are too wide to get both sides to screw down.
I only asked for help at the very end when I had to put the big pieces together but the instructions say 30 minutes with two people.
Update 02/17/20: Updated review from 3 to 5.
Easy ro put together.
Needed a very small nightstand by the bed but only had 2 feet of room to work with.
Also, the chair's height is adjustable via a lever.
remove toddler, take out piece, toddler gets in.
I love my new couch.
Otherwise, it’s awesome!
My only mistake was reading the reviews.
The bad thing: the boards did not line up evenly.
Fit with my industrial theme.
I’m missing a bunch of parts.
Beautiful table!
I normally work extensive hours in my chair.
Plenty of desktop surface to accommodate three monitors at 22” each that are not wall-mounted, yet still have room for peripherals, tools, and other desk-related items.
But, even after loosening it all the way, the chair still won't recline unless you lay the seat back down.
I did buy little plastic feet to go on the bottom of the legs since they do not come with them, and I didn't want to scratch up the wood floors.
Assembly was a nightmare until I got out the trusty electric screwdriver!
So you don’t have to worry about constantly stripping those tiny screws or lining them up.
Other than that, very easy set up that took less than 15 min.
I got these as an add on for my old chair.
The couch fits together like Jenga pieces.
For this affordable price to get a new piece of furniture that looks classy and mid-century modern style.
You want something that will look remotely like it cares about itself?
Very cute table for my kitchen, sturdy and perfect size as well!
I've had for a couple of weeks and the back support on the chair snapped in half.
Looks nice.
It went together just as the instructions showed, seems very solid with a nice storage clearance underneath, and you can't beat the price.
Over all i love it!
And lets be clear - this is a leg rest, not a foot rests as it is too short to reach the feet.
And they look great with my other furniture.
Appears to be cat proof as well, no claw marks.
I went to order the second same table and it was $15 more (only a week later) and it came with broken pieces.
First off, the quality is good for the money.
I ordered three of them and am totally satisfied with all three.
All and all, solid purchase.
The bench legs are adjustable so that I can sit in a tall drafting chair with my legs under the shelves.
I've had this chair for a couple of weeks and that's my only complaint.
It was much more $$ but within a couple days I noticed I wasn't achy anymore, no ickiness, and my neck is not complaining!
There was also a nick out of the front above the drawer and an actual chunk out of the back.
A real good value for the money & I highly recommend it.
We painted and we needed desks and a bookcase.
Great desk very sturdy and reliable.
I'm just scared the plastic arms will break.
That foam strip can be easily felt under the tights which may become a problem after a prolonged seating.
The chair is definitely stiff, the pillows are good for posture correction.
Loving it!❤
I am so pleased that this quality table and chairs are solid wood and comes at an affordable price.
Highest setting is too short for 6'-1" person.
I was looking for something for my dual monitors and lap top docking station since I became a work from home employee.
I'm actually writing this as a spoopy ghost currently.
The chair itself is so comfortable for watching TV, my grandson is a gamer and loves it and husband likes to kick back.
Finish is a bit rough in some areas, casters while serviceable are not particularly good.
My only problem with the chair is the cushioning could be more to provide a more soft seating experience for longer hours of seating, however that may just be personal preference.
I stuck my laptop docking station to the underside of the desk with Velcro strips to keep it out of the way, and that keeps the wire situation looking clean and tidy.
My chair is only one year old and it sinks.
I bought this to put a makeup storage my sister bought me on it.
Rather than taking it apart and sending it back I will just have to glue it.
You have to keep tightening the screws to keep the chair from being lose.
In my attempt to get this to be functional I discovered that the plastic bits that hold the slats in place pop off when you try to take the slats back out.
Comfortable like nothing else with tons of adjustment.
Absolute garbage.
this is probably my best amazon purchase - a real steal!
Unfortunately, the chair will most likely be returned, but another review will come out once the new chair gets here if we do decide to return.
It was easy to assemble with the instructions sheet.
Easy and quick to assemble, very comfortable, very adjustable.
She really like the built in power strip/charger.
Usually you get what you pay for be it cheap or expensive.
The shelves are not adjustable because they are screwed in place with the side pieces.
It's got a simple profile and it's really easy to assemble.
One of my favorite purchases!
Arms are too short as well.
Works perfectly in the studio and looks great
I am average height, but I feel like I'm Will Ferrell in Elf sitting on this.
See the attached picture.
I looked at many others, including big name furniture stores.
Great value!
It was super easy easy to set up, I’m taking about less than 10 minutes between two people, for 1 person I’d say it’d take about 10-15 minutes.
Frustrated with that, I brought this fabric chair, seems to work fine.
Chair legs cheap , flimsy.
Looks wonderful and easy to clean!
The black wood and black metal frame provides a nice contemporary look but it's also quite sturdy and rugged.
My advice is not to buy this.
I don’t know why people are not happy with this product.
Highly recommended.
Very comfortable chair with good support on the back.
It’s a nice enough desk and easy to assemble but I wanted it to be more sturdy.
Hot glue worked on the bolts to hold them in.
I recommend this couch for a home that doesn’t have a lot of people.
Very happy with the product, delivery and minimal installation need.
This table is perfect.
Now I have an ugly table with three chairs.
It's not too big so it fits easily in several different work-from-home spaces.
I love this desk.
Thanks Amazon for making such a great product at an amazing price!
Comfortable Chair, easy to put together, Thank You
The kitchen table is very smooth and dandy!
This is a very nice desk, however the space is very limited.
over the years.
Although I think when we move, we're going to have to get rid of it ...since it'll probably be flimsy from it not being put together well.
Really happy with the colors and super easy to article
For this purchase consider this: what are you using it for?
That is one reason I bought this as it holds a lot of weight.
First, let me say that I am not a small man by any means.
Okay seriously this is the most perfect chair for my desk.
Stools were weak and uncomfortable.
I would stay away from this one if I were you.
Worth the money.
Simple, easy to put together, made with plastic tubing.
The drawer has a plastic stop inside when you pull it out to prevent it from being pulled all the way out of the unit.
I love the color.
Looks amazing !!
It is very small but perfect for a small kitchen.
This couch suited my needs for exactly.
It's comfortable, adjustable, and looks great.
I love it arrived early, easy assembly, looks great.
I still have a lot of work to do on it, but I'll come back when it's done and post a picture.
Bought this for my 12yr old son for gaming.
Since he has been standing at work mostly with the use of this desk, he is noticing his back has started to feel better.
a great desk, easy to put together and looks good in the space.
As long as you only hand tighten the metal bits before you put the table top on it turns out great.
This is an absolute steal.
Great quality at the right price.
Definitely exceeded my expectations!
Is a nice product for its price, easy to assemble and the description is close to what is advertised.
Extremely dissatisfied with this.
The armrests are NOT adjustable at all, as stated in the image description.
We didn't need the featherbed either.
Although she is a little on the petite side, the height is perfect  her when up all the way.
The directions were very easy to follow and having a video on the listing to show installation was a nice bonus.
Only option in amazon is full return.
Unfortunately even after reading other reviews, I took a chance on the desk but it arrived damaged.
There is a tear in the corner of the ottoman.
The cushion is also very comfortable to sit on.
It also came with a few chips in the wood on the top parts of the desk.
The cushion on the bottom of the chair gets very flat if you use it enough
The quality is good for the price.
I bought this for my husbands office.
We spent $20 in materials to sand it and restain the top of the table where it was damaged.
I love the durability and the solid wood.
As such it took a lot of effort (and hammering) to get it in.
Zero wobble, the pegboard is well made and metal, and the light/power strip are a really nice touch.
I needed to find a desk sturdy enough to hold a heavy standing desktop converter, monitors, printer, and desktop supplies; and fit within a small space; AND offer ample desktop space for writing/drawing (as a graphic designer I need a bit of space).
Assembly is actually super easy except one tiny thing.
I gave this product a four stars because when it arrived, the corners were dented, but probably due to delivery, so not a fault from the seller.
The board is particle board, so somewhat heavy.
You can actually see the wood planks joined together as you look this over.
Unfortunately, I ordered a second one for home since I was using the first one at work.
This side table is nice looking.
Really impressed with this low cost end table.
I have tried using it on several standard size desks and it is too short for all of them so I have to have my arms at an upward angle which doesn't feel good after a full day of work.
Would not recommend anyone to purchase since there is no recourse to get parts.
Anybody have a suggestion?
I didn’t have an issue with stability or wobble like some other reviewers said.
I would not invest in the desk.
Gave it 4 stars because it’s a lil wobbly also NO INSTRUCTIONS.
The bed frame is VERY easy to move around.
After discovering the AmazonBasics brand, I have full faith in the integrity and quality of their products.
I contacted the company True Innovations about the issue as I was instructed to for product issues.
I will have to retighten them soon.
I have my step stool as a chair in the first picture for reference.
If I had known that I would not have bought this for him.
The chair looks nice.
They were easy to put together (taking under an hour for the two I purchased) and look very nice.
We still put it together since the damaged area was under the drawer and we have guests coming this weekend.
-The seat depth is about 2 inches shorter than I would like.
Hassle-free and timesaving desk chair for the money.
I will probably order again.
I am 5' 5 and weigh around 160.
Second one, no problem.
It's a good chair for sometimes use, but definitely lacking in the seat-padding department if you plan to sit on it for a full day all week.
This will last if  cared for.
however, a sturdier version of this with the same dimensions would make for an awesome table.
Am a bit concerned about the load capacity though
It will be a good replacement for a favorite chair, destroyed by a cat.
Instructions were easy, and none of the parts were complicated.
I've had it for 4-5 months and have all sorts of issues with this garbage-to-be.
When putting together the frames though I found that on one of the units I was completely unable to get the bolt to thread in and on the second, in the same spot, I was able to thread the bolt, but it was a bit finicky.
This was a great price too .
It is very high quality and the material on it feels really good.
Super easy to put together,  I'm a small lady and had no trouble getting the boxes inside and unpacked.
It goes up higher than my last chair.
Had a very mild smell that reminded me of a cigar humidor, not unpleasant and went away in a few days.
No extra screws or cams so be careful when you are setting up.
This table is a mixed bag.
It was missing a spot to put a screw in into but again we made it work.
When flipping the desk over after I was done, four giant holes were where the screws were.
Good thing is, almost for all screws, one spare is provided.
One of the part was broken.
I chose it because I liked that it was billed as reversible and I could use the white side up.
The piston is surprisingly powerful.
I would not recommend this on carpet, for rolling around.
Took a WHILE to put together but if your're patient, and take a few breaks, it's well worth it.
They roll nice on laminate floors and flat area rugs.
How do I return it when it is already put together and we no longer have the box?
I’ve only had it a couple months so I’ll come back if it’s not durable.
Love everything about it.
I would definitely recommend this product.
Something that wasn't clear to me was the fact that this couch ships in two separate boxes.The second package came 2 day after received the first package and I could not be happier with the bang-for-the-buck masterpiece this is.
The cushion is excellent and wide enough to fit people of all sizes and the armrest is adjustable in a wide range.
But overall, we are very happy with the purchase.
You can find yourself sitting on this chair for a long time per sitting.
It is extremely comfortable.
Comfortable with significant back support.
Very cute beat table !
Desk is now all intact, sturdy, nicely sized and has good color!
It can feel a little hard, slightly bumpy after a while, but it doesn't bother us too much.
It’s not meant for longevity it’s mean to be temporary.
The appearance, it's aesthetically pleasing to the eye.
make it possible to adjust to a position I liked.
Also, it is very heavy.
I received all of the parts and instructions to go with it.
The only reason I am giving it 2 stars and not 1 is because of the functionality as a sleeper.
If you are a bigger person (over 200 lbs), it probably will be a tight fit.
Surprisingly nice.
Wow just wow!
This doesn't bother me much since it will be hidden under the table.
Perfect color
This was super easy to put together, all the parts are in their own bags and clearly labeled and they give you an extra bag of just spare parts in case you ever need them.
This desk is perfect for a small room.
Very difficult to put together because the parts are so cheap.
Came defective on one of the sides... it did not have the holes to attach the last shelf.
i highly recommend this item for small spaces and a small budget.
Although Amazon assured delivery in 8 days (out to Alaska) it arrived in 5 days, much to my delight.
The replacement parts arrived and now I have no problems with the chair whatsoever, I mean maybe the arm rest could be a bit sturdier but that's a minor complain.
it finally arrived today and while assembling it, the desktop split in two when HAND screwing the top to the base.
I'm less than half the 'weight limit' according to the specs, so I'm rather disappointed about the overall longevity.
I was hoping there was a way to make it fit but I just gave up.
Even the bolts are individually bagged by group, with identification, with another bag containing an extra of each bolt.
It's built for short people.
The top that lifts is a bit hard to pull up, but SUPER sturdy and closes soft.
The top is sturdy wood and the bottom has a nice, clean industrial look to it.
The finish on the shelves was in perfect shape, as were the shelves themselves.
Very sturdy as well.
A piece came in the box broken and the company tried to fill the chunk that was missing with something then painted it a white color that did not even match.
Absolutely worth the money.
Most were ridiculously priced (by poor college student standards, $50+) or very cheap but the customer reviews all pointed to those tables being really bad quality and a waste of money, even if it was just a little money, I couldn't afford to repurchase every few months due to shoddy craftsmanship.
I use it as nightstand because it really goes well with my furniture.
This is a high quality buttery soft office chair.
The legs just need to be attended to by hooking a stabilizing arm and tightening a wing nut.
Cons: -I think it took longer for me to unbox than to unfold.
It was a truly pleasant experience unpacking, assembling, and admiring this nice little table.
I love the foot rest, and it was very easy to assemble, so I will not give it one star.
So far very happy with the purchase.
The hardest part is getting to actual desk top on and lining up the holes.
I was very happy to buy a small spaced table n stool after reading it’s review.
My son needed a computer chair for the hours he spends gaming on-line with friends.
I am not sure about assembly as I had an employee do it for me.
I honestly think this couch would be good for someone who works all the time and has only guests over a few times a year.
Highly recommend.
None the less- recommend this product
Is this thing returnable?
Every time I call, I'm magically 16th in the queue, but by the time I'm #1, I sit on hold for several minutes and then the call is disconnected.
You’re paying for what you get.
After my kids used it a couple of things times to watch movies, one of the rear leg broke.
I really like my chair for what I paid for it and how I will use it at my desk it will do the job fine.
It dawned on me today that I haven't thought about my back hurting literally since week 1 of using this chair, and figured I'd give credit where it's due.
My little niece always ask if she could sit on the “special” chair because she loves it so much.
Probably not the sellers fault but I'm that one unlucky customer that won't get to enjoy the desk.
Surprised on how well packaged it comes, strong material, quality product, I would had paid a lot more for this.
Very easy to unpack and assemble.
Looks like it would have been great.
But in all truth, 3 stars- wouldn’t buy again, but not mad enough to make a fuss.
Just one bit of advice.
Over all this is a wonderful chair and my husband who is a huge avid gamer adores it and was thrilled to see it arrive.
The assembly of this crib was very easy.
The frame has a nice low profile.
Great desk.
I watched this item's price fluctuate for a while in my Amazon cart.
It was a pain to put together but it’s not bad for the price and it’s a good multipurpose table.
When attaching the right arm, I noticed the pad was loose.
Honestly for what you are paying, you're getting a quality product that's easy to assemble.
I thought the chair would be squashier, but honestly, the foam (so far) is just the right amount of supportive.
So if he pushes up, he hurts his head.
What more can I say.
For some reason my chair has a "massage" feature!
One set of legs is more curved, and the other is not.
Who would have thought you could buy inexpensive couches on Amazon and they turn out nice!
Having the spare parts sealed on the end of the package was brilliant and very user friendly.
So if you like to take things slow, get a friend to help.
I love the stage the baskets provide.
I have it for over 6months and  very happy with the purchase.
I needed a side table with a small footprint for a reading lamp, beverage holder, etc.
This desk is just what I wanted!
The base isn't really stable (yes I had a  mechanical engineer check that it was assembled correctly) so it lists to the left side.
Comfy as couch but when you the lower the back for sleeping, not comfortable because of the bumpy back.
First and foremost, I was skeptical at best.
We've been trying to put it together for the last month, my child is 3 months as of yesterday and rapidly outgrowing the bassinet.
There has been no bending, squeaking, or any problems.
I ordered also a bar shield that we will put under the sofa matress hopefully my son rest better.
FedEx well FedEx for me has a 100% success rate at delivering at least 24 and most times 72+ house past when they say they are going to deliver.
Also, the screws show on the outside and the company provides circle tape to cover up screws.
Receive a FULLY damaged item.
No issues to date and raise and lower on daily basis- great value and quantity.
It’s VERY firm but our last couch was way too soft so I like it, and it will soften a bit over time.
Don't expect a 3 hour job.
value of money
At my weight, it would be pretty easy to break it the base if I wanted to force it.
I mean it's a table for $13 shipped (At least when I purchased it).
This table, while easy to assemble, is extremly extremely flimsy.
The loveseat has a very nice modern look to it without the slight Scandinavian weirdness you find in an IKEA design.
Very sturdy and easy to put together.
Works perfect
The chair just doesn't feel all of that sturdy and it's a little uncomfortable.
It actually feels wrong how affordable it was for what your getting.
The espresso is beautiful.
Edit: No longer have the chair and didn’t last 3 months.. Cheap materials.
Putting them together was SO easy.
I haven't used it much yet as it only came yesterday but it is a little firm.
I'd recommend this desk with the warning that you might run into a snag or two.
The price went up $65 after I purchased it!
My roommates were out so I tackled the project myself, figuring that at most it would take an hour.
Needs more padding or more flexible frame.
Once it was finally put together it was too late to send back!
I needed two side tables for our new out door back porch and these were a gift.
It was extremely comfortable and for someone who was working from home several days a week I could sit in it all day long.
Also, according to someone who answered a question regarding country of manufacture this chair is not Made in the USA.
Giving it 4 stars because it might be good for other but not for me.
I am skilled at assembling furniture and followed the directions exactly.
I regret getting this chair.
The couch is a gorgeous piece, and as soon as it arrived I was blown away.
Disappointing.
For the price it is great but they need to rethink the fabric.
The seat padding is minimal.
Simple mechanics make this chair easy to use and easy to assemble.
Great desk!
Overall, it’s an ok chair.
I think it deserves to be mentioned - Please make sure you DO NOT over tighten chip board screws, just go snug.
I am 45 year old female and I assembled by myself in about 90 minutes.
The package came totally wrecked, torn, and even wet!
ASSEMBLY:  Was a bit of a struggle attaching the back to the seat - as I was on the floor and working by myself.
- back mesh quality is top notch and i even clicked a picture of it.
I am not impressed with the plastic base and the cheap plastic they used around the center support pedestal.
Easy to assemble.
It’s confortable for working from home.
Very sturdy and firm!
But, like I said, for $18 it’s great!
If they were positioned a little wider it would be more comfortable.
The chair is pretty comfortable and it was very easy to put together.
I've had this chair for nearly two years already, and it just occurred to me that I never wrote a review on this.
Large enough to cover my 90" sofa with the edges hanging down on all sides.
Very easy to assemble.
We easily put the chairs together the next day.
For reference I weight 180 lbs.
Cons: Cosmetic damage out the box on the smaller counter piece.
SO worth every penny spent!
I was a little worried when buying this desk but everything promised was accomplished.
Great addition to our covered, outdoor cooking area.
The love seat is great.
Others write of odor, that is from stain, just open door for couple hours outside before bringing in or just leave door cracked for a week or so.
It took longer to get rid of the box than it did putting the table together.
It took about 30-45 mins to set up.
This table is so versatile though that I will even use it to eat on when sitting on the couch.
When assembled it is normal desk height and enough depth to accommodate a large monitor, klipsch desktop speakers, and full-sized keyboard and gaming mouse pad.
The only complaint I have is the back is hollow which poses a concern for something ripping with the fabric ripping easily but I think stuffing it with stuffed animal stuffing will do the trick.
The materials of chair leg and wheels are so sturdy and reliable.
I am hoping Zinus will make this right.
Absolutely love these couches.
Arrived with some shallow but long scratches in the top.
Overall a good purchase!
Can someone please HELp.
Since I'm not getting the comfort I expected, I'm going to return it.
Eventually it broke and my 2 year old handed me a leg from the middle that was bent.
It is the most sturdy bed frame I have ever owned and does not make noise (I'm 250 lbs).
I would not recommend this product
The table looks terrible now and on top of the mustard-tint of the thing, I truly hate it at this time.
For the price of the chair, it should've lasted much longer than this without this kind of serious problem.
Move on and buy yourself an ikea desk for half the price and be done with it.
Great for the money.
For the price I guess you wouldnt expect solid wood, but it is just a finish.
My customer experience with Homall has been really good.
A bit frustrating but am willing to see how they can fix the issue & how fast they respond.
You don't want them to be too flush until you're done.
They wobble a little, but some decorative shelf brackets would address that.
Assembly wasn't too bad and the instructions were fairly easy to follow.
perfect size
Definitely helped me to realize why men don’t like IKEA.
As long as you use some throw pillows to cover up some holes between cushions this is an amazing couch.
There was a part that didn’t mold very well together because the metal was a bit bent, therefore I couldn’t insert the screw in because the holes didn’t match up but all it took was a few hammers to fix it.
Next morning fish was dead and the smell was still there.
Recommend it for anyone that needs lumbar support.
Very very small
Small enough to fit in a small room.
I'm around 5' 11" ... a pretty average guy, and this chair feels like it's meant for a child.
I would like a refund for my wife.
It doesn't help that I got an odd front rear crossbar with the two holes at the bottom (so you cannot fasten it with the barrel nut).
Would have preferred straight.
Look elsewhere.
It is super cute and was very easy to put together, only took maybe 20 minutes for me to do it by myself.
They have sent the missing piece I need to complete the chair.
Quality materials were used in this design and it's very well-made.
When you put the support post in place, the white 'button' looking thing should be up -- that's what the chair seat connects to (I had the white thing facing the floor, which was incorrect).
I needed a desk that would be sturdy even on carpet and this works perfectly because of how the legs are shaped.
This item unfortunately was not checked before shipping out to someone else and I paid full price for it instead of warehouse or open box price.
The look and design are great..size is nice too, you can fit at least 4 large monitors across the whole desk.
But, It came with LOTS OF DENTS on frame and legs.
The wood “finish” is beautiful.
sturdy, strong, well-made.
Smh sooo disappointed.
Took me about an hour and a half (I reversed the orientation of some of the parts on the drawer, had to re assemble).
This is my first baby and I was so excited to put his nursery together.
I received the Hago Modern desk only 1 hour past the 8pm delivery time.
This chair is really comfortable and affordable.
These are little tables good for my basement
10 minutes, that is the assembly, so easy.
Price is little high but installation process is easy and their instruction for installation was straightforward .There is also a pair of installation gloves, very intimate：）
Love the Marble Finishing.
It is not a soft seat.
Easy assembly and sturdy table.
I wasn't thrilled with the low quality "wood" that made up this nightstand but it was delivered to my house and in my living room so I would give it a chance.
Honestly a huge upgrade compared to my last desk and at such a nice price.
Perfect for me and my 2 27” monitors.
It did come with a smell that lasted for a week.
Good product, seems sturdy enough, great size for my 5'2" pre-teen.
I'm very pleased with the results, and I'm glad the mistake made was one that I could remedy fairly easily.
Very comfortable!
It was extremely easy to put together.
Instructions were horrible, the instruction set up was about half a page and not very descriptive
No matter how many times you try to adjust, the frames don't meet up.
Absolutely love this line.
We needed a table that would still allow access to a closet for guest use.
Buy a different chair, I wish I did.
I would recommend this item but not for heavy use or couch side.
Nothing great, I would really skip it.
Good replacements for the price but not the highest quality.
Also, one tool fits all hardware.
It’s only major flaw is the wheel base if you are a big person.
Was expecting it to be more than what it really is.
It somewhat serves its purpose except the lower storage because for as large a space as it is, can only hold light items since the bottom is flimsy and bends; someone didn't think that through.
Easily the best time I've ever had putting furniture together.
I tested both sides out to see if 2 people could fit on it, and I almost fell off because the weight wasn't evenly distributed.
Leans well and doesnt tip over.
I'm not bothering to return this.
Difficult to put together, but sturdy when assembled.
A cheap basic side table.
The open shelving on the side piece makes it easy to move cables.
Did only 1 star for now!
I received the new chair mid July .. seam came apart on arm now and Stuffing is coming out there ..my husband has only used the chair 4 times .. he is back to work so it’s rarely used ..
Thank you again HBADA and Amazon ^^
Only wish there was a utility drawer.
Overall due to the price and lack of locking wheels I’m rating this a four star- really it is more like 4.5.
Didn't have any issues with the type of material - it's sturdy!
4) Lower storage section is too small.
Want my refund back.
I also, didn’t threaten them with a bad review.
The desk is nice and sturdy with a wonderful finish.
Easy to assemble.
It looks nice, but it’s difficult to write on.
This is definitely not a chair he will pass-out in while gaming but that's a good thing.
The tables themselves only take 10 min each to put together.
I put a blanket on them to have my arms up higher.
It is not the cheapest chair but compared to a lot of other very expensive office chairs, this one is very reasonable and quality is good.
Not a bad coffee table, also not great.
Only wish it had a true matching ottoman.
Also, INSTALL THE DOOR BEFORE putting the top pieces on.
I don't understand how that could "void the warranty," but hey, it's not my company and not my rules.
I entertained the idea of working long hours and using it as a way to nap/recharge during a break.
Another plus for me is that with a thick enough mattress, the footboard does not rise nearly as high as it appears to in the photos.
Not good for 180lb+ person perhaps.
I read some reviews that said that it took 2 people, this wasn't the case for me, as I am pretty mechanically inclined.
***FINAL UPDATE: RETURNED*** As suspected, the manufacture never got back to me and I had to return the desk.
I've found myself having to stand and walk around a bit to shrug off pressure pain behind my legs and on my butt.
I dont know how long these couches will hold up with toddlers as I could see the entire frame while building it but they are better then I expected for couches I ordered offline.
It is cheaply made and the desktop is very thin.
I love this desk it fits perfect in my computer room and has plenty room for all my stuff.
I like this table very sturdy and the stackable option is also nice.. wish there was a 4.5 star option.
So I got a refund.
It took less than 30 minutes.
This table unifies rigid metal with tasteful，espresso and black wooden board.And rigid  metal frame with double iron strut design and adjustable leg pads pride greater stability.
The memory buttons don't work exactly as I thought they would - you have to press and hold the button for it to work (rather than it being a single press).
Sold out everywhere and the company isn’t much help.
Very pleased with this table.
When the chair arrived I was excited, but assembly was a bit of a pain (I'll explain why shortly).
I certainly like double-tapping the memory number and having it go right to my preset standing height.
The finish is nice and I like the look, but overall pretty disappointing.
The back by it self is almost as tall as the chair I'm replacing.
I misread the directions and installed the legs facing the wrong way multiple times.
In luck, the desk only had a few small nicks in areas not visible after assembly.
Received this item yesterday.
the arms, broke after 1 month bc of cheap metal.
The desk came broken it was packaged horrible by the seller and amazon.
Great buy for the price.
Sturdy enough to use a desk mount clamped to it with two monitors attached.
For the price of 2 end tables, this is a great product!
but size so small.
It just Thoroughly  stable!
Very comfortable, easy to move on the plastic cover on the floor, I am happy!
Best sofa cover I have ever purchased!
I wanted a chair that would keep me cool and comfortable.
I’m very pleased with this purchase.
Great table and big enough for 3 monitors, we had to get it for a work at home job and were really pleased with the sturdiness and price.
I love the gray color & table is cute but I def would never buy again.
Other pieces which were supposed to be glued to others were not attached well at all.
He is sooo happy and I can tell by his position in the morning that he is sleeping more peacefully and more comfortably.
After the assembly my only complaint is that adjusting the height after assembly is a PAIN.
I wanted to register the product for the warranty but their website was non-functional, no one picked up when I called or returned my call.
This chair served its purpose, but it could have been much better.
It's awkward and uncomfortable now, and there are better chairs for less.
The fawn colored fabric cleaned quickly with just a rag and water with no residual staining.
Bought for using with my sewing machine table.
Looks great and good for gaming.
This is a high quality, heavy duty chair designed from the ground up as a B&T chair.
I am taking a break from my battle against setting up this desk to write a review of the product.
We also received an email making sure that it arrived in good condition and that everything was cool.
It came with them but was hard to follow for the average person like myself.
Arm Rest: Its adjustable and helps when typing.
It was exactly what I needed to set up for homeschooling.
You might as well.
The first was from IK** and it is nice with a glass top, used primarily in the art studio as a palate for oil paints.
It was nicely packed and had no issues putting it together in minutes.
The instructions call for a hand screwdriver to force in most of the screws (because it is possible to over-screw and then you're, well, screwed), but if you're careful you can get away with using a drill.
One of the other product reviewers on Amazon drew a picture of how it looks when a person leans back in the chair.
If this thing didn't squeak, it would be 4 or 5 stars.
Overall, it's a comfortable chair and it has a luxurious look.
And looks bad.
They looked like the size of fruit flies, but faster and black.
The pre cut holes  for installing chair together  was NOT aligned correctly.
The finish and style are nice.
Really short tables.
There is enough room for 2 monitors,  a laptop, and keyboard on the short end of the L and I have another laptop on the long end of the L. There is plenty room for decor around all of the computers I have on the desk.
Honestly it's a very sturdy built chair with a nice breathable mesh.
Legs are plastic and shelves are wood.
Wish I would've kept the box as I would of sent it back now looking to sell it.
It looks just like the pictures.
Got home from work and saw the box at my door.
Otherwise it’s a decent chair and helps support back if you have those issues.
I’m 250 and this chair has survived 3 months so far.
My expectations were not very high, to be honest, but the parts were labeled clearly and fit together well.
You get what you pay for but the 10 dollars in materials this cost to manufacture in china is not worth over 100.
The screws did not turn easily and you had to use a hex-wrench to screw in.
I get lots of compliments on my classroom-based office.
This product has worked out great for my wife in her home office.
Really disappointed.
Because of their awesome customer service, I decided to change my overall rating.
Overall, run for your life.
I'm a large, athletic man (6'1', 220 pounds) and some of the higher-rated reviews said this would fit a larger people well; it does not fit well at all.
I have them in my living room and I absolutely adore them.
I think if I push it it'll fall apart.
I was a little worried these would not last because they were very inexpensive but I was wrong.
This started out as a very nice chair but after only 3 months of use the stuffing got flat.
No lleva las 4 sillas incluidas ???
Even though the stilts on the middle metal supporting frame were fully tightened and the bed was placed on an even surface, they collapsed/warped so badly that our mattress now sinks in the middle.
Obviously, the taller you make it, the less sturdy it is.
Liked the distressed look
I've read tons of negative reviews, and I think that the expectations at this price point were a bit unrealistic.
Needed another chair since work from home is the norm now.
Looks great.
The mesh backing has also stretched out and no longer holds its shape.
I am not sure why this chair was left like this would have been perfect otherwise.
The screw holes really are a struggle though, I bent the Allen Key on the screws about half way into tightening them.
Tip 2: Once you have inserted the drawers and tightened the rear screws for the drawer hangers you will need to remove the drawers to tighten the front screws.
update 1 - used amazon's return process.
Cute cute cute I like them very much easy to put together & it came with all the pieces, overall really cute end tables.
(I'm a big, fat guy.)
Happy with this purchase.
My new apartment is super compact so I wanted something that is stylish, but practical.
In order to maintain the credibility of my post I am not going to remove my feedback, but I do want to say that the “cons” below are easily remedied.
First, it was easy to put together.
This desk is just the right size for for my space.
The chairs are light but strong enough for me.
Recently I have to do some work at home, so I urgently need a suitable desk in my bedroom as my home office.
Its exactly what I needed to complete my home.
It would be nice if it had room for a drawer or something for the keyboard as the table is rather small.
This desk is a good value for the price; I liked it so much I also bought the matching hutch.
The price was great on this, the storage is small- drawers are small, but will work fine with my needs.
I'm 5'3" and it is perfect height and depth; and seat is wide enough to comfortably sit 2 average adults, 3 would be a squeeze.
I would say the material quality / plastic and the way it comes together is all good but I honestly will be replacing this chair as soon as I find something better.
This is a really nice quality table.
The instructions for making this desk were some of the most confusing I have ever read.
My table arrived with Prime shipping in great condition.
Would I buy again?
Great desk.
Great comfort for our sofa sleeper.
Very impressed!
The lumbar support is too low, pushing your butt  too far forward on the seat and leaving your upper legs with almost no support underneath.
I’ve used it about a month and it hasn’t shown any signs of wear yet.
You also lean back because it is very deep.
No broken pieces or misalignments.
They were delivered early in the morning and I had them unboxed, tags off, and plugged in when my husband got up!
Bad quality and overall disappointed customer.
Definitely easy and quick to assemble, it came with everything needed to put it together so no additional tools were needed!
Great quality.
I did not want weird multi-level surfaces or anything like that.
Honestly BEST mattress for my pullout!!!!
If it's unstable enough to tip over that easily, it's not well designed.
does not recline no matter how loose you turn knob
These look like an expensive piece of furniture and seem sturdy.
My idea is to add some leftover door weatherstripping (the half-inch, brown, half-round type) that can add enough width to the pan that the weatherstripping will reduce/eliminate the metal ping.
I returned the chair for a few reasons: 1 Shipping damage - the box and contents were clearly reboxed.
DO NOT RECOMMEND.
After using 2 weeks, many parts broke down.
very good experience with this office chair very comfort easy to assemble strong and reliable I do a lots of computer work and this is why I chose this product.
I love the look of these little tables!
He's 200 lbs 6'1 and he sits in it for long hours.
I see it lasting a long time.
The printed top isn’t as busy and fake-looking as most I’ve seen.
It is now collapsing by itself and it is rather frustrating.
The construction feels sturdy and the movement of the desk up and down feels smooth.
I had been sitting on a picnic chair for the longest while working from home lmao so THANK YOU AMAZON!
This chair worked well for the first two years, then broke at the support for the back.
I was so disappointed.
Would spend anywhere between 4-6 hours a day in it.
Arrived on time and as described.
I was hesitant to purchase the chair because of negative reviews but I really enjoy the chair.
One or two of the corners on the seats have a slight tear in the cover.
Five stars!
I was notified upon receiving my item that holes were visible in the package the product came in.
Great quality for price.
If I didn't have to get my first unit replaced because of damage and receiving the second unit also damaged this would easily be a 4 or 5 star product.
No complaints.
Would not buy this chair again.
The table is sturdy enough and is perfect for using it as a computer table.
It is exactly what I needed and I am very glad I purchased this table.
- Highly Recommend.
-I would prefer it was just a bit higher as some XL bins don't fit - Multiple supports in the middle, while they are necessary to keep the frame lighter, they make it a bit more tricky to organize longer boxes.
I thought I would miss the headboard but I don’t - my pillows would cover a headboard anyway.
I was able to assemble this by myself.
When I first got this I thought it was just going to be another China made peice of crap.
And for those of you wondering about the space, there's plenty of it.
A good buy for the price.
Hands-down, it’s the most stable, best engineered work bench on wheels EVER.
Didn't hear any creaking or feel the couch adjusting at all when I was sitting on it.
It also rolls easily across a rug I use, So glad I went with this Hbada chair.
The cherry on top is retractable cord, my partner likes to keep his at his waist, he mentioned it was a bit longer than most holders but it wasn't that big of an issue for him.
With my desk their is literally zero wobble.
Overall it’s not a bad desk but it definitely has some sturdiness issues as when I type I can watch my monitor shake back and forth.
Very cheap.
Extremely frustrated.
I highly suggest reinforcing that keyboard tray though.
I love this desk.
The plywood is thin and weak.
One of my wheels was broke
Purchased two chairs, one in blue and one in black and grey for my sons.
:-/  What I did was buy an extra seat cushion (amazon brand) and that has helped out tremendously.
I love everything about it the customer service , the look , feel and comfort.
The color is very pretty and the cushions are firm.
Color is identical to pictures.
I bought this couch a year ago.
I bought *THIS* desk for the price - I just didn't want to spend a lot of money for a desk.
Light, makes sense according to the material.
It probably only took me ten minutes.
It really easy to put together, good quality and looks really nice.
I would recommend this product.
Easy to assemble as instructions are very straightforward.
It’s a cheaply made product.
This is one of the sacrifices you make when you choose to order a product that is less costly.
They were on time and the shipment is intact.
I bought the 63" desk and it fits perfectly.
Very comfortable.
(If the chairs wobble, they were probably forced in and therefore put in crookedly.)
Increasingly rare in this day and age.
Fairly easy to assemble.
The seatback itself seems to have a lean angle built into it.
Metal pieces were all bent when I opened the box.
It was easy to assemble.
They are special designs and very good quality.
I am definitely happy with this purchase both the quality of the table and the aesthetics of the table meet more than my expectations.
after using for 4 months..Its super uncomfortable, make noise a lot even after tighting screws, very imbalance.
My floor is flat so this was not a deal breaker for me but very inconvenient nonetheless.
It is a great price for an ergonomic chair that is comfortable for my needs.
It's perfect for small spaces and takes less than 30 minutes to assemble alone (I'm a petite woman and had no issues).
The chair is excellent on just being generally comfy to sit in for more than a few hours,  the back is a little stiff and can't be adjusted to really lean back in the seat as disappointing as that may be the "massage" function is next to nothing and is just mild vibration on the very lowest part of the back of the seat right against the top of your butt so it doesn't really do anything.
Great purchase
Make sure you fasten every screw tight.
The tilt lock has a very nasty habit of working itself loose under repeated tilts, until the lock fails - so get ready to have your stomach in your throat in an unexpected fall backwards to 45 degrees.
I highly recommend.
We got this table for our gaming setup, and it would be better for a single screen setup in my opinion, but it is still a really good table.
Also assembling was pretty easy even with my 3 year old “helping”.
The size is great!
Kudos to theses guys.
It’s particle board, but looks very closely like real wood.
The back mesh could be a little more taut as the top of the frame digs into your back if leaning.
Look at my pics for more accurate display.
For the price, the table is worth the purchase based on the quality, look, and function of the table.
Great price too!
I'm glad I purchased this.
It is still serving its purpose.
Other than that, everything is perfect.
The first time it shipped out, FedEx did not scan the package resulting in it being lost/circulating for about two weeks.
Plan to buy the coffee table to go with them!
The bolts that are suppose to hold the bracket in place aren’t long enough.
This chair kind of hugs my lower back and keeps it aligned as there is no strain now.
I think I want to purchase one more.
I somehow ended up with a massage version of the chair and it is really nice.
Overall it adds a great appearance to my living room and I am happy with the purchase.
However, like many other buyers mentioned, Amazon really needs to work on the packaging for this product.
I gave it away.
So if you run into the same issue, keep this in mind and save yourself some time.
Could use better hardware for sliders.
The stickers that cover the screws are ridiculous.
I really wish Amazon would make an ottoman in the proper scale for this chair.
The issue with this coffee table is that on the one that I received, one of the legs is about half a centimeter shorter than the rest--so it rocks whenever I place ANYTHING on the table.
Great desk for the price.
For the price very good quality.
super... super tiny!
I'm going to look into sending it back and if I'm not able I'm going to try to sell it.
This is a beautiful crib and it is so easy to put together!
Overall, I like this chair a lot.
I bought these chairs to complete a farmhouse dining set.
I now have to go find someone who can drill this hole for me so I can actually put the desk together.
Trying to return this desk is an nightmare as the boxes are broken and ups wont acept it like that.
It’s discrete yet sturdy.
I returned the chair and am still waiting for my refund.
The height and size are good.
I ordered the red one, because fashionframe is the endgame, and I got the nice one pictured.
The desk so far is pretty sturdy and doesn’t shake for me.
I wish there was a sectional version of this though
We highly recommend the Deluxe model...can't speak for the standard.
It’s maybe two feet tall if that.
Ordered 3, received 2 of them yesterday.
I knew that returning it and requesting a replacement would have been a gamble, the next one likely would have been damaged too.
This is absolutely perfect for my needs.
Previously had a huge sectional and I am downgrading to smaller pieces.
I love it ,nice table !
This desk is great for my small den office.
Although every screw thag holds the seat down in the stools have all fallen out multiple times.
The seller was extremely helpful as well.
So comfortable and looks like it cost way kore then what I paid!
Great product...except it was shipped without the shelf for the front storage area...other than I would buy again.
Fit perfect in the space my washer and dryer used to occupy.
Perfect for small space.
That's a lot of words about my particular problem, you decide if it's a problem for you.
You could throw a party underneath this thing.
There are better options, but they will cost you far more.
fit perfectly
So far I am very pleased.
Since transitioning to working from home months ago, I finally accepted that my tiny plain PC desk was not enough anymore.
It squeaks, the material is extremely thin, and it is not that ergonomic.
It's a really good quality set.
I wasn't too keen about the "cottage" look and was worried they would look a little granny on my more modern sleek sofas but functionality won and these actually turned out cute once I steamed them and found the right pillows.
Would recommend this buy especially for $60.
The plus side is it looks nice and the top drawer is a good depth.
Holy cow this is the lowest quality thing I've ever bought.
Chair was easy to assemble and very comfortable.
I messaged seller about missing piece, they sent it but it took a week to arrive and they had sent the wrong color even though I had given them the correct color of my desk when I contacted them.
I would only suggest this chair for smaller lighter people in only 5ft 8in 250lbs and this chair hurts to sit in.
Looks really nice, easy to put together.
I wanted the seller to replace the base so that I would not have to lug a heavy box to UPS.
Great price.
It is not really a bad thing, I actually agree that it is safer this way, especially if there're kids around (my desk at company space has the one click button) 3.
The handle on my chair also snapped when I barely leaned on it, and costumer service is terrible and will just leave you hanging in the dark when something goes wrong, do not recommend, find a different chair, trust me.
I bought this to replace an air mattress that came with my sleep sofa (which died after just a few uses).
This table is solid and looks great.
did not come with xbox 360 kinect which is shown in picture
Granted I've only had this a week but it seems to hold up very nice and seems heavy duty
I finally broke down and decided to get a desk for my 600 square foot apartment.
June 2018 order.
Perfect for a crafting table
The back rest attaches with a large knob.
Super uncomfortable.
Judging by the number of 5 star reviews, I was expecting much higher quality.
The materials are surprisingly sturdy and well crafted for consumer grade "wood."
It looks nice and seems pretty good quality for the price.
Item came with scratches and really wasn't worth the time and trouble to replace
This would be great for a kids playroom or a preschool that needs an arts and crafts table, but as for a grown up kitchenette type table, it sucks.
This table is the right size and was fairly easy to assemble.
As for the overall impression: This is not something that has a super-refined presentation.
I’d give them 10 stars if I could.
Perfect size!
I had both put together within half an hour.
Pros: Smooth nice wooden finish on table-top.
At first I liked the chair, it seemed like value for money.
Stains and hard to remove a simple shoe or foot imprint not perfectly clean.
The top two wooden piece of the desk also don’t align so there’s a weird gap at the back of the desk where the seam should sit flush.
If you are on a budget like most of us, and you need a cool desk, this is a nice one.
Easy to put together.
Go to a furniture store and find something comfy.
Like other reviews said, give it time to settle.
I googled a youtube video and was able to correct it quickly.
This desk worked out wonderfully for my needs, and is quite sturdy.
This is not always a problem, but the other day I did manage to accidentally cut the back of my heel on these legs; if you're like me and you're using this chair at home  (and often barefoot because im at home) this could be a problem for you.
Not as sturdy as I expected, light easy to move.
So easy to assemble.
Problems in China have created a situation that the manufacturer can’t control.
I’m just stuck with a bad one.
He was using an office chair that was old and uncomfortable.
This should not be.
Overall it seems sturdy.
Great futon for our apartment!
UPDATED Aug. 2020 - 1.5 years of usage: I was looking for the absolute widest L-shaped computer table I could find, and there only seemed to be a couple here on Amazon - this being one of them.
The labeling on each piece was a little confusing because it's hastily hand written but there are few pieces so it was easy to figure out.
We have a fairly generous size living room in our new house, but it is an odd shape for the furniture we have now.
Walmart has better desk than this for cheaper.
Had to return it and purchase it directly from the store.
Pretty cool that my body began to break down before the chair.
Okay I like the desk and I appreciate that it came before the original date, but this table came with so many scratches its irritating, if it was not for everything that is going on with the pandemic I would return it.
Everything else was in perfect condition.
And #3 there is a crack on the top main piece of the desk.
The chair makes a lot of crackling sounds when I lean my back on the support which makes me question its durability, I wouldn’t lean back comfortably to avoid breaking it cause that’s what it feels like will happen, and I’m not a big guy (155 pounds).
Now I have the main back stuck in there on one side (I tried twenty minutes, and I still can’t pull it out).
and legs screw in,,,not snap on.
Trust me on this one.
Awesome chair for the price.
We have only had it a few days but so far over all we are happy with the purchase.
Today's delivery was a nightmare.
The electric motors used for raising and lowering the desktop seem quiet and work flawlessly.
When I was using it mainly for reading or gaming I typically had the seat adjusted back.
The plastic assembly that fans out to the wheels is a low quality plastic.
It's too big to return, I don't have the box.
Good wide desk and easy to put together.
The arm rests have lost lost all padding where I rest my arms and I have only had this for a little over a month.
As a student, spending a plethora of hours sitting in a chair for study and other works, I have started to have back pain (lower back pain actually).
Directions were fairly easy to follow.
Then added the Zinus 12" memory foam mattress which was wonderful , but we wanted extra plush so we also added a memory foam topper, and enclosed both in a mattress protector, and topped that with a quilted mattress topper then sheets.
If you are looking for a scaled down desk in size, this is for you.
The only thing I will say is there was a tiny gap in the 2 pieces on the left side, like some of the other reviewers said.
I have slept on it more than once in an emergency and was very pleased with the quality.
Wife assembled, she says: "I put it together by myself easily.
I like the convenience of the movable top, but it tends to stick on one side when I close it.
I'm a tall guy at 6'6", and it actually raises higher than I need!
But Amazon did a great job in delivering the product like fragile material.
Simplistic design.
I've read about bolts coming loose but after looking at older pictures and seeing the ones included in this kit, it appears they may have resolved this issue, as all my bolts have lock washers on them and tighten very snug.
Shame I can’t even use it.
Very easy to put together.
!😀😞😠😡 I really wanted this chair.
They are sturdy and look so much more luxurious than what they cost.
While assembling, my husband and I had to keep checking the alignment very frequently from the top.
Great chair.veasy assembly.
Looks great and great quality.
I had to look them up on my tablet which was a huge pain.
product isn't the sturdiest thing on the market.
This baby cost me under $90, arrived in 2 days, took 10 minutes to assemble, and it is a gem.
Holes were not exact, had to push and pull in order to put chair together.
I called customer service and they wanted me to send them pictures, which is fine if I hadn't gone through the trouble to put it together and try to just suck it up.
I’m considering burning instead of returning it.
Some steps state that it requires two people.
Very practical content.
a bit of a pain to put together but pretty comfortable for a desk chair, it goes up and down and rotates
The tables are EASY to put together (open box, screw legs on - no tools).
I was at Walmart one evening wanting to purchase an office chair.
Very easy to assemble - took about 15 minutes.
This bookshelf unit looks great, and it’s pretty sturdy.
I assembled this all on my own!
The cushions failed and the springs started poking through the bottom of it, and I only weigh 160 lbs.
But also use my laptop as a third.
It went together it less than 10 minutes, the back is higher than expected too.
I’ve been using this chair for about a month.
One little thing I noticed: The tilt works in a rocking mode but cannot be fixed in an exact angle, which doesn't bother me but might be important for others tho.
I and my son felt very comfortable sitting on the chair for long hours due to its good lumbar support, ergonomic arm rests, and thick padding seat.
Bottom Line: I'm very happy with this table.
Craftsmanship is way low.
This was easy to put together!
Given the price point and nature of VASAGLE furniture I was very impressed by the packing, materials, construction and ease of assembly of this coffee table.
I've squirted WD-40 but I guess I missed the spot(s) that squeaks so here I am... on a pretty but squeaky chair.
It’s unreal by just changing something small in your home how much it really stands out.
I bought this chair 2 years ago back in 2018.
Everything else I considered was so expensive, but this table is quite reasonably priced.
Took about 30-45mins for two people to put together if that!
I just finished building it and I would suggest to have a power drill or torque wrench, it will make your life a lot easier.
I just turned 70 in January.
So far so good.
The kind is very good-looking, solid and stable design simple and modern, with the decoration style very match the price is also affordable.
I wouldn’t recommend it for a high quality chair that lasts.
If it lasts, this will be one of the best office chairs we've purchased.
Customer service is horrendous.
They fold up easily for storage.
I would not buy this product again.
I was using a short worn out in table for my coffee table that was too tall.
Which also means I wasted time disassembling the old bed which was perfectly fine.
My sister has slept on it and noted that she slept a lot better than she expected to.
I purchased it after seeing all the 5-star reviews, and I'm so glad I did!
Not very comfortable (Will update the review to accommodate the product quality after a month or so)
"E",  you dastardly coward.
The base with the 5 bars is a kit on the instructions.
Note: This review is being updated after two more weeks of daily use.
Like it's been sitting in a damp warehouse for years.
I wish it was a little more sturdy, but all in all great product
It even has lumbar support.
Very disappointed!
It also does not go up or down like advertised and I am not willing to trust its durability since it was put together with an allen wrench and not a drill.
As you can see, this happened to six chairs...
I have crashed down several times, and the chair is still together, I weight 220, so I think the chair is pretty strong.
It is sturdy even sitting on the carpet, and looks very nice.
nice to seat on
I was very impressed with this table.
As you can see from the picture, the color is more french yellow or mustard yellow.
I’m a pretty heavy set guy and like heavy duty things.
Very comfortable, adjustable, and the mesh back keeps things cool.
The family does too!
Takes a few hours to assemble it and 2 people should do this one.its higher than I expected and I'll need to purchase a taller chair but it's a fantastic bench.
- the sitting cushion height is medium and not too heavy.
I had high hopes for these end tables.
I will update if/when I get a response.
It looks great in his room.
Since there are no cable holes, you will have to drill your own or have the desk pulled away from the walls in order for cords to get to the outlet, computer, etc.
This one is slightly damaged but missing the shelf.
Easy to assemble.
I stopped about 40 min in, taking it apart and shipping back.
Definitely going to buy the end tables to go with it.
Just the perfect size for a small area.
It works perfect and is very sturdy.
I had to pieces with the same letters , one was suppose to be marked C but they were both marked D. I then set it up and the shelf side broke off because the screw holders were barkey tightening.
It was a very decent item for our small kitchen.
Had a nick in it when it arrived.
Wasted 2 hours trying to put it together, and I still don't have a table.
Basically If you sit at your desk all day for your job like I do, this is not a good option.
Had to look up how to put it together.
I was not so lucky to pay the lower prices I saw posted in other reviews so I'll reserve my thoughts on that part, I think the price could be lower but compared to local stores like target, walmart,staples ...
However, if you’d like to take your chances getting a couch delivered, then this couch is really nice!!
I only had so many days off work and im just very disappointed because I did a lot of research on this product and its reviews before purchasing.
This would have been a 1 star review, except Amazon was willing to have someone come out, disassemble and take it away.
Honest review here - I moved into a really nice apartment and wanted a really nice couch on a budget.
Sturdy modern desk that was easy to assemble.
The other problem was in tightening the Cams (which connects the legs to the bottom shelf).
Great for the price!
I’m so happy I purchased this desk.
Parts were broken.
Well we found this one and she wanted it.
If it came in perfect condition i would be really happy about the couch!
One nice feature that I had never seen before is the ability to flip the armrests out of the way.
I had to modify the head rest to fit behind my head so I didn’t hurt my neck due to seat contour.
Weird fitup.
Note the arm rests are bolted into the seat & back, so they do not adjust.
Good, simple table.
Perfect for our spare room - so easy to assemble, and a GREAT price!
The first one I put together as instructed.
Also comfortable and looks good.
I think I saw another reviewer post the same thing and I wish I had remembered that when I was trying to put mine together.
Very comfortable & supports back.
Amazing supports, sturdy chair, easy to clean, so comfy, and fits great in the space.
This table is so worth it!
Wouldn't buy again if I'm only getting a good two years out of it.
My arms barely sit flat on the arm rests, and the back of the chair falls a little lower on my back than I'd like, by just an inch or two.
Easy to put together and very sturdy.
My husband has one and so do I so this is our second time buying this desk.
My daughter finds it very comfortable and is happy with the chair, I am certain she will be even more happy should the cover be replaced.
The second one came in with no flaws or defects.
I am giving this 2 stars as this is FALSE advertisement but it was easy to assemble.
so easy to put together that m 11-year old did most of the work.
But not hard to take care of, the outcome was honestly even better than expected.
It was easy to put together and the color is as it appears in the pictures.
This sometimes made the assembly confusing and bothersome.
Couldn't be more pleased.
Happy, Adds perfectly to the look I wanted in my bedroom.
Looks great in our cabin.
Seems sturdy and looks pretty good.
I did enjoy the chair but after a few hours I was hurting.
It's all you need.
I constantly have to adjust it back.
I'm loving this chair, very comfortable, and only took 15 minutes to assemble.
If my fiancé’s friend wasn’t able to fix the chairs himself I would have been really disappointed
This chair is worth for the money spent.
Looks good.
My craft room
They need to sit close to one another & these allow that much better than the bulkier ones we had.
However... it would have been nice if the benches fit under it just inside the table legs.
If you are a midget, I think that only you would really like this small sofa.
Then we began to notice over the last few weeks there were way more spots and scuffs around the whole outside of the fabric of the couch.
Would definitely recommend.
Purely as a desk, this is a really good deal.
This is a very nice and very sturdy coffee table.
Highly recommend and it is such a great value!
However I do not feel the same way as of now.
I love that it came with gloves and a small sharp item to use for opening things!
Too lazy to return/replace.
It does repel water, but dont let it get between the seams because cardboard and water dont mix.
I put it together myself, so it’s not a two person job.
I put it together in about 20 minutes.
There is a reason for this....  the instructions clearly tell you when to tighten every screw.
Finally - and this can't be stressed enough (excuse the pun) - DON'T over-tighten ANY of the bolts.
I weigh 175 pounds, and I don't sit in the chair all day long, so I am surprised that the cushion isn't more resilient.
My wife figured out that elevating the  the back by putting a cushion underneath allowed the holes to align properly.
They should not be allowed to sell this product.
This might be good in a kids room.
They're dirt cheap!
Setting up the desk took no more than 10 minutes, that also includes taking out the leftover trash.
Perfect, just what I needed.
laid on it and could not feel sofa's support bars and I'm 6'3" 225 lbs.
I really like it.
Works great for small rooms, has lots of storage and usable space.
This desk is like a huge mouse pad and pretty easy to assemble!
I lOVE this desk!!
The real test is which ones base and armchair screws strip out.
I bought this desk to mount my two curved monitors on.
Use the bolts are installed the loctite makes them a LOT harder to reuse.
I am very disappointed
I could not have done better if I spent a lot more money.
We bought the Bluish Gray.
I was disappointed to see that it was slightly damaged on the side of the table but that was most likely due to transit.
I’ve spot cleaned and also removed the cushion coveres and washed on a cold cycle twice now(dry very low heat/delicates).
On further inspection, I noticed the hinge on the door was loose which made the door sag.
I have transcripts of my emails and they are literally bullying me into deleting my review or they won't help me.
Seller went out of their way to fix an issue.
I had my movers still there and he said that if they wouldn’t have been there he wouldn’t have delivered it to me.
I love the desk but I didn’t receive the GX1 pieces for the monitor stand.
Does not take up alot of room, perfect for small spaces.
I’m also able to fit a laptop, large monitor, keyboard, and a mouse on the table.
You can also do the Pewdiepie meme, so I give it 2 stars.
Not sure I'll use that much, but it's a nice touch.
Very well packaged to prevent damage.
If you’re looking for a nice looking and decently comfortable office chair that won’t break the bank, this is definitely it.
Since I have switched chairs, I have had no issues with my back.
Not the greatest.
Very comfortable and worth having an office chair.
I will say that the base pad could use some more support but I solved that by purchasing an memory foam cushion for desk chairs.
All in all, good value for the money, although putting it together just reading the instructions that came with it was not very easy.
Great bench.
The color in the picture is very accurate.
The legs are completely bent in half and paint is all scratched up and the worst purchase I think I have ever made!!!
This is am amazing modern design dining set and is very strong.
Chair padding is OK but, I added my office seat cushion for added comfort.
It's about hip height.
I'd highly recommend this!
The leg rest is a plus, the chair reclines far back- sleeping in this chair is an option for those who like to take power naps.
I am an online tutor, and after realizing that I sit at my desk 5-6 hours daily to tutor, with added time for other computer activities, I researched standing desk converters.
Considering buying another one.
I was pretty happy with this price, but I’m thinking I could have just got a nicer office chair.
Nice little compact computer table for the money.
I don’t regret the money I spent and the table looks phenomenal once set up.
It's epic .
But I still find this very comfortable.
When my wife saw it, she noticed a small stain on the seat.
I tried to pivot the mechanism to align a few degrees more but the bolts must line up.
I am using this chair from over 2 weeks now.
I did have to contact customer service - it seemed so simple to put together I started without reading the directions.
The chairs fit flush under the table.
Easy to build and great for working from home
Compare this to the desk which I previously had, which was 29.5 inches from the floor to the bottom of the support.
Desk was ok for price.
Highly recommended.
There's not a lot of pieces to the desk but there are a lot of screws.
Evidently, I was wrong.
I think it's a bit overpriced as it's not a complicated design.
Table was heavy because it is quality inch and a half butcher block solid wood.
So sturdy classy looking perfect chair for our Hangouts.we loved it!
Very comfortable and good back support.. in this work from home crisis, this ergo chair is savior .. it got assembled in 15-20 mins.. really easy it was :) .. and Thank you amazon for delivering way before delivery date
I bought this chair thinking it would be a solid replacement for my old chair but was I wrong and I should have listened to the reviews.
It is the perfect size to fit my 24” monitor, ten keyless keyboard, mouse pad, headphones with stand, and my desktop computer all on it.
I bought this while working from home.
Was a scratched up on the top.
It also strangely makes my legs fall asleep which is not a big deal except for the fact it is UNBEARABLY PAINFUL.
Well it exceeded it and I have actually fallen asleep on it a few times already.
and do not panic the parts are under the sofa for assembeling !
When I got the package, I was really intimidated by all the pieces.
Other than that I am very pleased with this purchase.
The only tool needed is a phillips screwdriver.
Way better than I expected, based on some of the other reviews.
Easy to put together, even comes with the Allen wrench needed.
And after I completed assembling it, I absolutely love how it looks in my small kitchen in the apt.
Or so it said.
Then we put a small night stand on the left for drawers.
This replaced an overrated desk I couldn't even assemble because the manufacturer sends out crap.
I will highly recommend everyone to buy this 👍👍👍👍👍
Very happy with this purchase.
Anyone could honestly set this up!
Would I buy it again?
Spend a little extra and get a better chair.
I was a pro in less than a minute.
It’s very poor quality, difficult to assemble, EXTREMELY tight for anyone slightly above average in size and the padding on the bottom is not supportive at all.
- It comes with a cable management net to hold cords under the desk.
Fácil y conveniente montaje.
It does seem mass produced, some of the bolts didn’t line up perfectly but it is still stable.
The top is laminate and looks a little cheaper than in the photo, but it’s not bad for what I needed it for.
Don’t waste your time building it only to send it back.
I had to drill my own holes in two of the legs to make it work.
It is as sturdy as it is beautiful in white/espresso.
The build of the chair is really good and very confortable.
It has plenty of leg room,Perfect for small areas.
more than half the holes are misaligned.
After looking at reviews on amazon and other retailers I was unable to find something under 100$ that looked comfortable and I didn't want to spend more than that on a chair that I would use for 3-4 months.
It's very comfortable and leans back nicely.
Works well as a storage / charging station.
Perfect back support.
The Chair can lean back a complete 180 degrees all the way back to 90 degrees.
The best chair ever!
I bought this chair because my old chair was so uncomfortable.
My hubby didn't really think this would be a great choice , but we love it.
If I assembled a bunch of these and didn't need to read the directions (i.e.
Also I would buy a mat to put underneath it so that it's easier to roll.
Excellent packaging—strong box, all parts present and well-protected.
I moved to a home-office setup as part of Covid-19.
Comfortable.
This does the job a nightstand does as it seems, and it does it well.
I don't seem to be the only one with the arm-break issue, just be aware of the realities of cheaper products.
Pretty heavy wood.
I contacted the seller to has been a nightmare and completely refuses to stand by their product whatsoever.
All I wanted was a cheap temporary couch while I wait for the Article one I want to be back in stock, and I don't have bougie expectations for a $200 couch off Amazon, but honestly, this isn't even worth what I paid for it.
Then I got the second one.
No such luck; make sure you have drill bits rated for metal handy.
Good for gaming too.
If I had measured or understood 28 inches was too high for me, I would have looked for another desk.
After sitting in it a few minutes I had to add a pillow.
- Leg kit construction is sturdy and simple to assemble - provides a solid base that's sturdy and strong - Instructions are mostly good, just missed a few labels for some of the bolts Not So Good - Laminate is delicate, and will chip if you look at it wrong - Tabletop edges are sharp.
The top was scratched up before I even got the whole thing together and I was trying my best to be careful after reading other reviews with similar problems.
Excellent quality.
worth the money for sure!
I didn’t feel like dropping 400$ on a nice desk so I looked at this one for a bit and decided to roll the dice.
My only complaint was that the box looked like it'd been stored out in the elements for a long time, thus leading to some rust spots on the desk, which was certainly dissapointing.
This is extremely uncomfortable.
The chair does its job but after a couple years of use, the seat is starting to peal.
Even got a compliment on them
I bought it for my 87-year-old father, who is tall and weighs 240 pounds, bases this chair claims to cover.
Great sturdy small side table.
Also very easy to assemble.
Another complaint comes in the area of ease of assembly.
If you are looking something simple , this is a good product.
I am very very happy!
Cute little table absolutely worth the price!
Its a snug spot so I have been looking for the right size for months.
The benches slide right underneath which is super convenient and space saving.
You sit with your legs up on the desk, cross legged, tangled all around your body, spread like you're giving birth, this chair will allow you to do it all.
It's very sturdy, i dont think anyone of small stature like a child or large dog could move this thing.
Great product for the price.
amended review: Yes the seat was stuck forward but this was remedied by reading someone else's review where they used a different lever to fix this.
I was absolutely disappointed when I opened the box and realized this table was made of cheap plastic.
The fabric feels very nice and durable.
The vibration stopped a couple days after the return window closed.
This chair sits higher and the back is better with the lumbar support.
I wasn't sure if.
Soft cushion seat give you a smooth support ***Completely agree- study mesh is cooling and the foam seat is robust and comfortable, not mushy, not too firm.
Working at home full time now.
Not as tall as stated, this table and chairs is for a 7-8 y.o.
The instructions were clear though.
Getting a matching set of three tables completed the set and my happiness with the purchases was 10
This table looks great in my small dining area!
But the fabric started pilling about 8 months in and now it’s rapidly pilling where it gets the most traffic.
It did take two of us to connect the two pieces, but it was simple; once you get the seat pieces connected, the backrest pieces just fall into place and are secure and sturdy.
I have a small living room and 3 kids with a lot toys so this came as a blessing to my life.
Very pleased.
Overall serves the purpose but the product was also delivered late.
Shipped quickly.
Meaning the mattress even covered the platform part which I thought was supposed to stick out?
This chair is not too bad.
Easy to assemble.
I'm giving this 5 stars as the product is as advertised.
Above average quality for the price.
Working great
I was scared that this price was too good to be true and I was scared to take the leap and buy it, but I’m soooo glad I did!
I opted to put them together like the photo that's on the reviews .. so I have a taller stand with 3 shelves works great in my little office as it holds my single cup coffee pot and spare reams of printer paper...
**Delivery** The only reason I decided to detail this was because I saw in some other reviews that people complained of damaged/poor packaging, some with and some without damage to the actual product.
Modular, comfortable, but not durable at all.
i am 6ft tall and weigh 245 lbs.
I too have enjoyed Knoll, H.M., Steelcase, etc.
I bought this table because I needed a smaller one.
But for the money this chair seems to fit the bill.
Actually 2 pieces.
It was extremely hard to put together and the directions were very vague.
I have put together many units of manufactured furniture, for self, friends, and employment.
It's a little wider than the standard office chair and very comfortable.
then pick it up and build the rest, that way you don't have to figure out how to lift it after it's all put together upside down..
So this computer desk it very big and it have a lot of space for you to put down two computer and one laptop on the little table that they give you.
The adjustment on the SHW desk reflects the difference in price between the two desks.
The assembly was easy as pie and even came with its own cute ratchet.
He says it’s very sturdy and he was able to put it together himself and very quickly.
It isnt a deal breaker though.
I got the 55" and it's perfect as a desk - very spacious and sturdy.
Ergonomic and comfortable.
I've purchased two furniture items online recently and have learned a valuable lesson and that is to always buy from a showroom so you can SIT in them before making a large purchase.
A for attractiveness, the wood is just lovely.
I'm looking at returning it and building my own coffee table.
Lastly, I weigh 200lbs and I can feel the chairs main support bending.
Purchased for my daughters house.
Boy am I happy.
Desk is nice deep size as well.
Soft leather so definitely no sharp objects in or on your person.
When investigating this on Amazon I read through 17 pages of questions.
Here are the photos before we moved it into our office.
The armrest does wiggle a bit because it's only bolted down at the ends, and tightening the bolts down doesn't help.
I put it together quickly and it seems to be sturdy and pretty comfortable, although it is for home use and I don't know how it would feel to sit in it all day.
I love that I put most of it together as well.
In the process of putting it together I found a part that was cracked.
This is not even standard for office chair.
But It was easy to assemble and looks nice!
I researched, and watched various reviews for furniture for at least a year before I made the decision to give this couch and matching chair a try.
The style, color and workmanship is excellent
The desk is gorgeous and the company is wonderful.
Arrived earlier than expected and was able to assemble it alone within 5 minutes.
The little marks are normal as it is on both sides (probably from the factory).
And it has a massager.
So far i just wish the leg rest was a foot rest like a barber chair.
These are tiny, but the drawer is a nice addition and it is pretty sturdy.
The door wouldn’t even open due to which I’m assuming either poor shipment and handling or a poor build in the manufacture.. either way shouldn’t happen.
If it was taller it would have been perfect.
I just wanted something that is counter-height.
I truly recommend it to anyone wanting a sturdy desk!
It vibrates most of my bottom and just seems really silly.
Another Great Amazon product.
Good quality, large and I love the color.
Looks great.
I would recommend it to anyone, especially if you have limited space or need the flexibility to move this desk around.
You'll need help, parts can be heavy to lift alone.
I use this chair to work at home.
Went together and looks really nice.
So don't freak out like I did.
They are a nice dark cherry or mahogany color and are not wobbly.
So, I thought I could order a replacement part under the warranty.
They were very nice but unfortunately to small for the space so I had to return them
It is exactly what I wanted.
I should have figured by the price it wasn't going to last.
Very compact and comfortable
One of the side leg insert was bent but we were able to force it together and when the desk top went on it, was sturdy so it was ok.
just got it and put it together.
This table is so easy to put together.
Assembly:  You have to assemble it for about 2 hours--one hour per couch (including the unpacking time).
I wish the top shelf was a little smaller just to be able to accommodate my 24" monitor better
Does everything like the bigger, fancy chairs do at a lesser price.
However there are some quality control issues as there are 2 minor cracks in the wood that runs along the side the table top.
Assembly isn't really bad, but it does come in a lot of pieces, and the directions are just ok.
There was factory damage and shipping damage.
Firm seat cushions.
It looks nice but it wasn’t all that comfortable to watch a movie in.
Literally received this desk at 1:30pm and was finished assembling before 2:10pm.
Sooooo happy with this purchase !
Eh, no big deal but now there are bubbles on the table top.
Very decent quality, installation is quite easy as well, about a quick thirty minutes.
Height of the frame plus a 10in.
The chair is less than a year old and it has broken in multiple places.
Two of the holes did not line up.
I wish I could return this chair
She loved her new dining room table.
The lumbar support is firm but adjustable.
Glad we only assembled one to test it out!
(Side note: Don't use the roller blade wheels on a carpet surface).
I do appreciate how some parts gave a direction indicator (ie.
Somehow I installed it but it would’ve been lot easier to install.
I purchased this table as a quick fix and would have been better off using a cheap desk for a table.
Be careful what you put on it.
Very sturdy.
Easy to assemble.
Excellent entry-level chair for a gentleman.
I can rest on it for hours while watching TV or working on my laptop.
It simply feels like very cheap pleather--like, if there was a spectrum of best of worst pleather, Amazon's version would be towards the bottom.
I can't wait to try it out.
In the second box, things appeared to be better until I got to the bottom shelf.
It's actually been bothering me the entire time I've owned it, but I spent the money, so I really wanted it to work.
For the price, you cannot beat the fact that this table also comes with two barstools.
Now had I paid good money for an expensive table then yeah it'd be going back but for this price point I won't complain as they are very minor and my kid will probably do more damage to it before all is said and done.
Perfect, however for small spaces or dorm furniture
If you have smaller living quarters, or plan on sharing your room with baby than I would def recommend this crib.
The chair can no longer be used.
The holes are sunk at odd angles so the bolts don't want to thread properly.
***Update*** A few days shy of a year, the back of the chair snapped near the arm rest.
Very nice chair
I just don’t love it the way I thought I was going to love the bookshelf.
Love the outlets made into it!
My fix was to buy a monitor stand so I could raise my Xbox a few inches.
I am so happy I got this table!
Most were larger and would not fit well in the space I have.
I love the color and it’s very sturdy.
This is so durable with our dogs.
The lumbar support and head rest are a great addition, though I find myself removing the lumbar support and just keeping the head rest.
This is a huge improvement over past similar chairs.
I bought two of these chairs for my home office, and I am please so far.
10/10, highly recommend.
It does desk things.
In fact, my 10 year old daughter assembled her own.
I really like this table, and can't go wrong for the price.
I searched many office supply stores but they were either over priced or out of stock.
This is a okay chair and IMO not worth the cost.
Probably moves an inch or two up or down and are sewn to two straps, so you can't make any big adjustments if that's what you're lookin for.
This chair you can change if you want to lean back or have it stay put straight.
I took away a star on durability because the legs of the table and the benches are not as strong as they could be.
Ultimately I ended up returning this product (thank you Amazon Prime).
Looks good just issues with those two parts.
The leg rest is sturdy but I still try not to put too much weight on it.
Only down side is when you are attaching the legs the wrench can be difficult to tighten the inner most bolt on the leg due to not enough room to fully turn before hitting the bottom of the desk.
The arm rests rub against my thighs which may get annoying after awhile.
I was almost willing to look past the split wood in the bottom tray until I was installing the table top and found that the holes were completely misaligned.
Tips for you: (1) use the packaging bubble wrap and other plastic bags as your assembly surface to prevent chair components or your house floor being scratched.
Didn't receive the drawer rails to install.
Comfort-wise it's not bad; it's not like sitting on a cloud or anything, but I'm hoping after some breaking in it can achieve cloud status because it definitely feels like it can.
It is made for someone much smaller.
I guess it's fine for a college student or a tiny studio but I wasted over $300.00 and not happy about it.
You definitely get what you pay for.
This chair doesn't come close.
Easy to assemble and the grey color is right on point with the current trend.
I am 6’ and i find the seat a bit short for me
While this furniture is very lightweight, it can last if cared for properly.
Unfortunately this experience will cause me to shy away from the Amazon basics line of products!!
Best thing I’ve bought in a long time!
I do not treat the chair bad or 'Rough House' on it, so the fact that it's doing this is just a sign of clearly awful design choices.
It's so lightweight it feels almost empty instead of being made of wood or even particle board, and the "finish" would probably chip incredibly easily under daily use as well.
The chair leans to the left and won't close.
Realize though, it will not be easy to move once you assemble it, so decide on your spot beforehand!
Bottom cushions have waves the foam is so poor.
Absolutely gorgeous chairs.
Wide enough for a standup desk.
This company says that they constructed this book case with the customer in mind.
This is a sturdy frame and doesn't squeak or move in the middle of the night like my old one use to.
The mattress fit my love seat perfectly.
I cleaned it with pledge and it smeared the whole top ??
I will update when they respond.
I am petite, so I was worried that the chair might be too big for me.
Not to mention you can have all kinds of fun hacking these guys.
Its not gorgeous, but its not ugly and it fits well in the space that we have.
I'm very happy with the purchase, and have no regrets at all.
So it got the job done.
perfect for my starter pc set up!
This chair was fine for what it was, wanted it because it could lift its arms.
That's OK for the space where I'm using it, but be advised it's not particularly big.
It offers plenty of room for my peripheral devices as well.
Like the size
I did it in 20 mins, while watching a show (so it could probably be done faster).
It arrived very quickly and I assembled it myself and it was easy, with all the parts and pieces in the delivery.
I wanted to update this review to reflect the excellent customer service I experienced and let other buyers know if you have an issue, the seller stands behind their product (which is becoming less and less common on Amazon and elsewhere).
Highly recommend to everyone!
The major downside with practically any purchase these days is that everything is made in a foreign country.
We've been using it at our family computer desk for about a month with no complaints.
The wheels keep falling off so I have to get new ones :/
The top of the desk has some give so it is not super strong, and I wouldn't put a lot of heavy items on it.
It was warped and none of the holes were drilled properly.
Inside is the desk top in a separate skinny rectangle box to preserve the desk top, and then the frame for the desk.
I also love the cool lightgrey colour.
I set it up in my TV room.
I missed one of my packages but after 2 days they sent it.
I have now contacted the seller directly.
The screws that secure the arms and the back to the seat need to be tightened just half-way (50%) until all can be tightened together.
This desk is really great.
It looked like someone spilled food on it.
The top is made from plastic however it looks like wood.
Looks great after the nonsensical assembly process, bring a friend.
I'll note that the box corners looked extra taped but opening the box, it had styrofoam around the entire thing, so it would have to go through a lot to be damaged!
Good for small spaces, super chic, nice feel.
Mine was packed very well and didn’t come with any scratches.
Please try to get rid of that unpleasant scent which does not go away!
It was very easy to assemble, i did it in under 20 mins with 3 little kids attacking me lol it’s very comfy and goes up and down for adjusting!
It's really great for the price though.
A small table in a product prep room, sturdy and holds what we need it to.
I bought all three cottage road items and this one I put together last and it gave me the most trouble.
It took about 20 min to assemble.
Yesterday our 6th and final crib was delivered damaged.
bought two but waiting for the zenus frame.
It was easy to assemble.
Great price and arrived on time.
However, as many of the other reviews mentioned this product is crap.
Which was very frustrating but it looks great and works for what I needed it for
Details below: First of all, this desk came beat to s**t. The outside packaging somewhat protected from the desk being completely ruined but it still took damage even with the protection.
Just assembled the table.
It was a struggle but I got it inside.
I have requested a return authorization and they will not respond.
It’s not a fancy chair after all, but an honest product that meets your expectations and does not regretting purchasing it.
Top went on easy and it looks great and is very sturdy and even!
It is not very suited if you are going to spend 6-8 hours on seated while working.
Their finishing is consistent and they, so far, have been quite steady.
All in all, its worth the price.
The only part the nails are used for is the backboard though.
Very comfortable too.
I'm 125 lbs so if it's falling apart for me, can't imagine for someone heavier.
Not as cushiony as expected (it looks just like the one I'm getting rid of) but, for the purpose of comfortable sitting this is a welcome change
My 5 year old uses it now, so I guess there’s that!
Also one of the chairs had small scratch, but that's not an issue that compromise quality like the table top problem.
I really like this table for my space, but it is definitely redder/lighter than it appears in the photo, Espresso is not how I would describe it.
I expect much higher quality from amazon basics products.
I love these chairs.
3 of 4 corners broken just for flip the frame up side down
Arm rests are platic and cheap.
Very nice and very good
You sit on it with half of your back exposed because the back doesn't go any higher.
One of my chair backs is chipped and now it's permanently visible.
Happy with it for a first time home owner.
The chair is very comfortable and seems sturdy.
Discounted 2 stars as the dark walnut turned out to be ridiculous being at least three shades darker than the add copy.
If I wanted something better, I would have bought something more solid/pricier, but for a recent college grad moving into a new apartment with dogs?
No one can tell that I only spent $300 on this couch.
Cons: lower back support cushion causes more discomfort after long gaming use.
Trivial: I haven't used the massage function a lot, just once I used it and its ehh it doesn't do a lot except vibrate your lower back.
Amended: I ordered this as a Christmas gift.
Not the same ht as a reg side table.
It is comfortable.
Best in class for it's price.
The height also adjusts up and down which is nice!
Otherwise this is actually a good desk for the price of it.
This couch is amazing!
My tailbone hurts from this chair.
The wheel movement across the floor is not exactly smooth or quiet (on wooden floor) but it can be moved around if needed.
No complaints here.
So easy to put together!
Not comfortable at all!
I know $50 isn't a lot of money for a chair but for it to only last 4 days is ridiculous.
This is absolutely beautiful!
High quality
The constant readjustments is a complete waste of time and gets old FAST.
i bought the sofa and loveseat and they look very nice paired up.
I love this table.
But I still love the set.
I was forced to only use two bolts to attach the frame to the top as the holes were placed about a quarter inch off on one end of the table top.
It probably took me about 30 minutes to assemble it by myself and it was the easiest thing ever.
Great product with great service
So, the bottom line is that it is a decent and reasonably priced chair that I don't think will be my primary home office desk chair for that long.
I like this chair, it's really comfy.
We have two of the end tables and the coffee table.
I think this chair is going to wear pretty quickly.
This happened on one of the first bolts I tightened.
* This also means that all my cables (thin power, ethernet cat6, and hdmi video) have to ride up and down with the desk and be just loose enough to move a little: The workstation comes with just two adhesive mini clips (one for front of desk, one for back) only just large enough to hold a macbook power supply wire (thin).
Received mattress today.
Very sturdy, looks great, can't complain.
Regardless I love this chair a lot!
I was looking at the Herman Miller Aeron A because I saw that was a great chair for people who are shorter but I couldn't pull the trigger on the crazy price tag.
(Noone wants to put a $5000 computer onto a wobbly desk.)
Seat is bearable but not comfy.
The corner of the desk was chipped and metal frame was bent to the point of being unable to to assemble the whole desk.
They are pressboard so not really sturdy.
I'm pretty good at putting furniture together and have never had this much trouble.
I may buy a similar piece from the collection.
Even better there were only 10 steps to assembling the desk.
As pictured basic and sturdy
But if you like to fold a leg under yourself when you sit, about this chair.
Very Happy with purchase!!
it may hurt a tiny bit if you sit on it for let's say 9 hours in a row, but it's most likely natural due to how high quality it feels and is.
Nice and easy to assemble..
I only gave 3 stars because the cushion of chair where you screw in the arm for right side was faulty.
The color of the hunter green is not as pictured.
It’s sturdy and pretty easy to put together.
Seating was plush.
The Ugly: - On day 2, after adjusting the lumber a few times, I went to just take it off for a while, when I unclipped one of the clips, it exploded.
After pricing actual nightstand pairs, I decided I was not willing to drop $200-300 dollars for tables to hold lamps.
The only negative thing I would say about the desk is that it can be an issue mounting things like a microphone stand or monitor stand due to how slim the underside metal frame is.
I have the armchair that matches it and the couch is a little firmer than the chair but overall still really comfortable.
Luckily, it's not visible and I'm keeping this table due to price and size.
Cushion and padding is very thick and the material is a fine mesh.
I ordered this chair for my 7 year old son for his virtual schooling.
Stylish as well.
Needed a reasonably priced work bench for the garage and this unit fit the bill.
Frayed thread from the mesh back was sticking out from before it was taken out of the box.
This is my first racing-style chair so I don't have much to compare it to.
I CANNOT RECOMMEND PURCHASING ANYTHING FROM FURINNO, BECAUSE IT IS VERY LIKELY THAT YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED WITH THEIR MERCHANDISE.
My photo of the "granite" tabletop is slightly lighter than what it actually is.
I ended up having to get out my electric drill and widen the hole slightly.
I'm glad my kids weren't anywhere near it at the time.
I found this desk on Amazon.
It's a must buy if you're looking for this type desk..
If you are a wider person not the chair for you.
It's a bit smaller than I expected I am a tall person.
This has to be the worst desk I've ever owned.
I wish it was softer.
Thanks to Ticova the pain is gone!!
It firm and simple, protect your back for long sit.
Very easy assembly.
I had a basic understanding of assembling things and it took me about 45 minutes to finish.
I have 2 dogs, 2 small children and an adult man child.
I haven’t had any issues with the outlets so far.
Happy with them overall, seem fairly sturdy and they look nice.
Arrived in weeks time from order.
I bought this chair to use by my sewing machine table.
the feel is so comfortable!..
A high quality sturdy piece good for years of enjoyment.
I'm guessing they've had a lot of problems with people not being able to find the parts, because not only did they have a big message on the cardboard when you first open the box telling you to look in there, they have a bright red plastic streamer telling you the same thing.
Pretty good.
Obviously, it needs a lot more use to be able to give a serious review, but out the box and one week in I'm happy with my purchase.
This is generally only a feature on higher end chairs and I was happy to see that is has quite a bit of range.
It leaves you feeling completely unbalanced.
Could not figure out how to contact the seller, so this will do.
The backrest  is so flimsy that my.
Easy to assemble and sturdy.
It feels good for my height and weight.
There's a spot on the arm where the screw will not screw all the way in.
I dont have to roll my chair or anything, just turn my chair.
With that rage ensued, the screws went flying, and I went after some wood glue.
They could learn a thing or two from IKEA.
Purchased for my son's room.
If could give 10 stars I would!
You pretty much just need to unfold it.
The stain is very well done and the finish looks a lot more expensive than you would expect for the price.
The drawer glides in and out like more expensive furniture.
That being said it's a very nice looking, sturdy table at a pretty darn good price.
Nice desk accept there is a two inch gauge on the desk.
great chair for smallish people like myself, if you're taller or heavier it might not fit as well.
We have been using it for about a week and love it.
Also seat height does not go lower as other brands, 20" to floor
The cushion is firm enough for support, but giving enough to be comfortable.
i need to exchange it.
Chair was super easy to assemble, was really surprised by this.
Hell, my chair can't even slide under this thing.
I struggled trying to assemble this for an hour or so despite realizing the issues very early in the assembly and after that I gave up.
A great value.
The only adjustment possible is height by pneumatic (or is it hydraulic?)
It took maybe 5 minutes.
Just wanted to give some insight into the quality of the chair.
Worst experience ever.
The desk itself is strong and handy.
Great price, does what it's supposed to, and really easy to transport.
I like the way it rocks back with just the right amount of pressure set as I spend a lot of time on business Skype calls and it allows me to change position when necessary.
Where it's sitting right now is a little slightly higher than your desk height (add the thickness of the platform above your desk) so makes you have to pick up your arms a little higher when sitting.
Any shifting, the base makes a squeaking/creaking noise.
"You have a big package."
So why just 3 stars?
I will admit I was hesitant about purchasing the item, however I am absolutely satisfied with it!
4 stars, one deleted for delivery.
10/10 would recommend.
I also know that it handles spills well because I have spilled many times on it and the wood still looks brand new without any signs of wear or tear after two years of use.
Needed a new fastener, called the mfg.
It barely took me more than 30 minutes to assemble it by myself and you don't need any tools.
It was also really easy to assemble - just screw the legs and put the cushions on.
The holes are not aligned properly for the back rest assembly.
For a home office, this is a good thing.
Another major strike against Amazon, once upon a time if something was on this site, I trusted it but now it is all shadowy Chinese companies with no intent to support their product and seemingly on a mission to create more landfill.
Easy to assemble.
So far so good.
The only reason I gave 4 stars is because it says no tools needed, but then needs a rubber mallet...which I don't have.
It was the perfect size for my apartment and I would recommend getting coasters and place mats to keep the table in good condition.
Really loving the mustard yellow.
It took me about 4 hours I think but I wasn't in a hurry either.
I ordered this because I have a small, limited space for a sofa.
The one we received was already scratched up and dented.
My gaming chair broke so I took a leap of faith on trying to find an affordable but quality chair.
Not complaining, just letting you know that it is solid for sure ;)
It doesn’t cause any issues with the use of the chair but the arms are articulating so they can move into comfortable positions for your arms as you move the seat back up or down.
The welds look flawless and sufficient.
I'd been looking at this on Amazon & other online retailers regularly hoping to see a price reduction and Amazon came through.
The bad news: at the price I paid ($70), compared to others, I felt I paid a premium for it and I am less inclined to forgive all the issues I experienced.
We replaced our RV sofa with this and it was a perfect fit.
I've stored three heights in its memory, one for sitting in a chair, one for standing upright, one for sitting on a bar stool, and still have one to spare.
This is a well made table with great color contrast.
I am over 6 feet tall and weight 210 pounds and this chair has more than enough room for me to sit comfortably.
Unless seriously abused this table should last quite a while.
Overall in pretty good condition except one screw holder on the table.
The delivery men wore masks, were professional, and even placed the couch exactly where I wanted it.
You can't sit in it this way without wrecking your back.
Update: a few months after making my initial review the metal in the base started separating from the base underneath the chair where the cheap welds are.
:) I have used it for several months now and it has had plenty of use.
Small movements when sitting will cause a squeak and there is side to side movement at the connection spot.
Unfortunately, I find the chair super-uncomfortable.
It's really a very nice and comfortable chair.
Putting the chair together was a breeze.
Neither Zinus nor Amazon could send replacement parts for the broken legs, so I had to return the entire table.
They look fine and sit nicely--not too soft, not too firm.
Also only two weeks old a creaks
I’m going to use it for a coffee station table..
Luckily, the way the desk is designed, you can rotate the bar fairly easily if you put it on wrong.
Update-so for fathers day my wife surprised me with the mount and second monitor.
Great couch!
I am so thrilled my studio is coming together now.
The wood holding the front middle leg in place is like a half-inch thick, definitely not enough to hold the weight of an adult male!!!
Will work prefect for my quarantine work from home office and when done will fold up nicely for storage.
Got 2 to use as nightstands in our guest room.They're not top notch quality, but that's obvious when looking at the price.
Assembling was crazy easy.
"Prime" used to mean free pickup returns on defective items, and this couch is all kinds of defective, but because of it's size they refused to pick it up.
Update: I really like the table, as it some pre-assemble and very easy to fold and store.
I haven't laid it out as a bed yet, so I can't speak to that.
plenty of space for everything i need or want on the top of the desk  Easy to setup took me 45 minutes.
Great price too!
Im happy with my purchase& I’ve had this for almost 2 wks now.
Would possibly purchase another.
The pocket on the side is perfect for my laptop/tablet and a book or two.
This desk came in two separate packages when delievered.
It looks great with a large piece of art hanging over the sofa.
Would definitely recommend this couch.
There was one bolt that couldn't be reasonably reached with the included allen wrench, but using your standard "L" allen wrench from the hardware store did the trick.
You can adjust how much the chair leans back, but the problem is that the seat leans along with the back-rest, so I'm not a fan of that.
I think I want to purchase another one for my toddler's room!
Plus it’ll make it easier to take it back downstairs to ScotchGuard it.
I’ve had this table and chair set for 2 years and it’s still in perfect condition
The seller even sent PDF instructions before my item arrived, just in case the instructions got misplaced.
I put it together in 5 minutes, and I think it's great quality for the money.
Note that the finish is just ok, but It feels sturdy enough.
1st - They had awful shipping.
They really do care about the product they are selling, and want to ensure their customers are happy with their purchase.
I store my paper shredder underneath it on the floor.
Needless to say it’s quite sturdy.
Even with my children teething, the teeth marks never penetrated the wood to where it was damaged.
Also, not really recommended if you want to sit on this for more than two hours.
Adjustable Arm rest 10/10.
The first time the couch arrived, it had a huge gash from a knife or box cutter.
It's an ok chair that I use for work.
Worst of all, the armrests are placed so oddly that I cannot find a way to sit comfortably in this chair.
push down on this one while pulling on that one.
Working fully from home now, comfort was important, but I did not want to spend $1,000 on a chair.
I like the arm rests, they work very well with my desk height, but can be adjusted to many different levels!
So I decided to settle down with a cheaper futon from amazon because I want a place to lie down as soon as possible.
Really great,
Such a cute table!
Even with that one of the screws didn’t go in all the way on the side.
For the price it’s very nice
It looked like it would’ve been easy to assemble and a great gaming chair.
it's really sturdy and looks really nice and not inexpensive or anything.
I was even willing to spend more money to get a higher end chair.
Very pleased with the product .
But everything else did, so I feel confident knowing that single hole is missing a screw.
This item came as expected.
If you are a large person, the bulges on the sides of the seat will pressure you underneath your legs.
They were really responsive.
The supplied instructions could have been a little larger with close up photos, but overall, this is the best frame I've ever owned.
It's definitely not real wood - seems just like it's particle board with laminate on top that's painted to look like grain.
I bought this chair for its ergonomic features, which are nice.
Great desk and very intuitive to put together.
It came together quickly.
Snug fit like a glove.
I added in Roller blade wheels (check it out) so it’s very quiet and will not damage floors now!
Would I recommend this chair?
Easy to assemble, comfortable, looks great in my home office.
It's fine when sitting upright it doesn't feel sturdy when leaning back.
I love this cute little stands.
Overall we're very happy with the quality and easy setup of these two chairs.
Difficult to assemble.
That is why it got only 4 instead of 5 stars.
You can't even take it out to make it a shelf.
So if you need anything im sure they will help with anything youd need.
Much cheaper than the one I saw in Walmart
The bottomside of the left arm (and thus, the support keeping the back cushion from falling on the left side) snapped, and now even using the chair normally is a lopsided affair.
We put this together down stairs to test out the size.
I love the industrial and farmhouse feel.
Name one modern car where the seat bottom is shaped like an L that can't be tilted to a back position.
Spend much less for more comfort!!!
about 30-45 minutes everything was there for me no problems assembling instructions are ez no problems using works fine.
I would not buy these again.
Im big,  6'6" 320lbs and it is quite comfortable.
He said it was easy to put together.
Great dimensions.
Great second desk to work from home during pandemic.
I am please with the dark shade of brown and its strudy
Quick and fairly easy to assemble came with all the bolts (16) and tool to tighten As of right now i have no complaints about the chair
Perfect size for us.
came in perfect condition.
Highly recommend.
My only issues are with the fabric of the drawer (which is very flimsy and feels like a sharp-cornered paperback might punch through it) and the quality of the paint.
drawer is super flimsy.
Exactly as pictured.
Otherwise, it does the job and I’m happy with the purchase.
Not an office chair for tall people, even my dining chair is more comfortable to sit in for 8 hours.
If you like, you can add a foam mattress if you're having guests or if you are sleeping on it frequently.
Everyone loves my nursery.
Great desk!
Material threads easily so would not advise getting if you have pets even with groomed nails.
Other than the net i don't really have any other complaint, the price is a bit high but worth it.. i can see this desk lasting me a good 5+ years easily.
I'd buy it again if I needed 2 🙂
So often all the screws are mixed in one bag but not this product.
They asked for pictures and other minor details.
I couldn't be more pleased with this purchase, and recommend others give it a try as well.
My son used the chair for homework and gaming.
I could return it for free but I had a chance of receiving one even more damaged, and it also made me feel sick to think they would throw it all away when it was returned.
Additionally the quantities of several fasteners were off (there were both too many and too few of different items).
I’ll admit I was nervous when I ordered this due to some negative reviews, but am pleasantly surprised.
I'm literally so obsessed.
Nicely crafted wood and easy to put together.
The height adjustment is minimal.
This also lack lumbar support.
I also love the tilt feature.
The box arrived a bit messed up and the instructions were bent and looked haphazardly tossed in, but all pieces were there and nothing was damaged.
It seems to be a really good product, although it came late and also there was a few instructions that wasn’t that clear to assembly it.
It's really great.
I’m too lazy to report it as well, so I improvised and fixed the pieces on my own.
I can’t talk more highly of this chair as far as set up process goes and comfort level!
Customers can epoxy the stand onto the base to maintain the correct height, but then the chair cannot be disassembled.
In one pack that was supposed to have 2 of the same screw, had 2 different screws and caused  us to have to figure out our own fix for the one screw.
6 foot 230lbs guy.
Add a coat of Minwax finishing paste wax and be sure to use coasters to help protect the finish.
I had been looking for a home office desk for a while since I would  probably work from home for the rest of year due to current COVID-19 pandemic.
They are quite large so not ideal for small spaces.
This is nasty and super disappointing.
I love the open shelves, and the drawer is the perfect size, not too deep so items dont get lost, but still holds tons of stuff.
If you are okay with a straight back chair, then this chair might be good for you.
Many of the holes for the bolts were put in in at an angle, causing bolts to not sit flush.
Very handsome small sofa and comfortable.
The quality is great!
This one is great!
And love it !
I wish that there was a little bit more upper back support but I don't think it's bad enough to knock off a star.
It's extremely uncomfortable and feels like it's going to break in 10 different places.
Can’t beat it for the price.
Other than that the chair is great, my only concern is how it's going to age, I'll update my review later to reflect on that.
This goes for most assembled items.
- The chair makes a lot of noise and cause of a lot of distraction while working.
I would highly recommend this to anyone that wants a nice coffee table who either doesn’t have one, can’t afford anything expensive or has one that’s really worn out.
We spent a little over an hour putting it together to find that the directions had guided us to put it together backward.
I bought 3 at 3 diff prices but never paid what they are asking for it now and wouldn't.
The desk is pretty small, but nice enough quality for the price paid.
This desktop is very simple, so charting and component annotations are sufficient.
Update: This chair is now in the dumpster.
I like the desk, I originally ordered the larger size but it was on back order and I did not have the time to wait.
This is a good to average office chair.
Sturdy top and easy assembly.
It wasn’t expensive, easy to assemble and very sturdy.
We put them together to make a unique coffee table at a smaller apartment.
It did not look right for the room that we bought it for so we put it in the guest room.
The instructions were super clear and it was very easy to put together.
I don’t know if it is due to poor package or what, the futon looks like pictures above.will contact the dealer.
Shipping was quicker than expected as well.
The best 100 bucks you will ever spend!
I bought this table for my Daughters room to put next to her bed.
I got the 39" desk but still feel spacious.
Looks great, but one of the legs came bent on arrival, making it extremely frustrating to use.
The only thing missing was the velcro strip that appears in the instructions.
Also because some of the screws wouldn’t go in as it seemed to be no grooves, it didn’t affect the beds sturdiness for our actions but was disappointed in the slight cheapness.
I didn't like it when it broke.
Easy to assemble, sturdy, and flexible for many uses.
My only complaints is that the arms are a bit low for me.
I don't find it too heavy nor to light, I can easily just scoot it along across the kitchen counter  to water my plants.
There is a space at the back for a lamp to sit in the corner which is very helpful.
It took a long time to get to me and the delivery date was change 4 times.
Now let’s talk about the ottoman.
This is not my normal work set up so my kitchen table has quickly become my temporary office.
With all the rave reviews, I wasn't expecting that the table would arrive with a chip off one corner, and few scratches on top.
Keep shopping, and look for someone who says they offer back end support for their product.
Beautiful, the black is just sharp.
However, it's very flimsy.
I ordered two WHITE chairs.
Comes in sectionals so if you have wood or laminate floors, couch pieces will shift alot.
Maybe buy this chair for a young kid or teenager but NOT anyone who works from home or spends more than say 4-5 hours sitting 2 or 3x a week (not everyday).
Blown away by product for such a low price.
The back gives good support and the padding on the seat is good.
It seems that the top of the desk cannot withstand much of anything touching it without scratching.
I wanted a smaller, yet substantial chair as I am now working from my kitchen table, thanks Covid, and this fits the bill just fine.
All pieces are labeled and assembly is easy as long as you pay close attention to the instructions.
They also are at a 99% rate for damaged goods.
Really disappointed.
I purchased two of these chairs for my twins for Christmas and they absolutely love them.
I have to give them a 5 because the product is what it said!
This is a very comfortable chair.
I was concerned with how much space I would have on my desk with 2 monitors, but I listened to the reviews and I'm glad I did.
The chairs are very comfortable and easy to put together
One of the arms will wobble nearly 2" while the other wobbles ~1" 3.
You don’t even need any tools..it took me about 10 minutes to put together both tables.
A great value for the money.
Great chair matches with my desk!
I need a support that extends further up my spine than what this chair offers.
it’s really hard to wipe it off
This is definitely a good value product.
I was given a phone number to Amazon for customer service and the first day I was told to call back because the Amazon system was down.
There is no support under for the cushions in some spots.
5 out of 5 wags!
This desk is amazing!!!
I bought the Pink version and I absolutely love it.
The top surface is imitation wood grain but looks extremely convincing.
I definitely recommend!
Assembly is easy and took me who has no mechanical skill about 20 minutes to put together.
Due to the layout of my room, I needed to orient the desk a specific way.
I have had it for three months now the quality seems to be holding up as far as material goes.
Ive had the chair for about 6 months.
Looks exactly like the photo.
It's simple yet elegant-looking.
For they price they look pretty good.
After a year, I can feel the hard wood underneath it but it's not unbearable at all--sometimes I'll just realize it is there.
And also the chair is priced fairly well.
Box arrived with a massive gash in it, where I could already see that there was damage to the wood, luckily on the bottom side.
Solidly constructed.
My stand mixer and food processor goes on top, with various easier moved small appliances on the bottom.
Support of seat doesn’t handle too much movement, especially when working from home.
Maybe it was an espresso cup, and the vase is a small fishbowl from the fair.
I should of read the reviews.
The back support is in a great spot for me though and I usually struggle with it being too high.
I always feel secure no matter what angle I set the back at.
This is perfect next to an our recliner.
I love the styling, the massage pillow is meh.
So I after some research, I heard this type of chair offers back support, Although I don't understand why this type of chairs cost is high.. but after receiving it..
I would definitely buy from them again or recommend.
Cushion is still supportive enough, but I don't see it lasting more than a couple years max.
I have to say this chair looks very practical and good looking, but that's about it.
The casters and base are metal and the rest of this chair fit and finish is spot on.
The sci-fi look of the chair is the reason I purchased it.
Anyone that gives this chair a good review or claims it is comfortable has not sat in it much.
While the armrests to move up, they are positioned VERY low.
When you put the support post in place, the white 'button' looking thing should be up -- that's what the chair seat connects to (I had the white thing facing the floor, which was incorrect).
Quickly moved to standing almost all the time!
My son loves the desk and the price was great
Heavy package.
Not worth the money I spent on it.
Just unpacked my first one out of the box.
The drawer was a nice addition to the table.
The first thing I noticed was the box was HEAVY.
The seller however was very responsive.
These are a staple in my house for those odds and ends.
It's great not to have the arms banging on my desks.
Painted right over the existing surface with ease and no chipping or peeling.
Easy to assemble.
Only problem is both chargers don't work at same rate .
Great chair for the office.
A couple of the poles are too large for the holes they are supposed to screw into and you cannot get it connected all the way.
I mean, if your desk arrives damaged, not really the companies fault.
Well... here it is.
I find myself being more careful with this chair then my previous.
The desk seems very sturdy and is just what I had wanted; it's a shame the process took so much longer than it should have.
Going to trash it and just wasted my money
Also this chair provides excellent back support and i don't feel any pain even after hours of sitting and working on it and the back has mesh, so again no sweating.
It broke within 24 hours.
Space for things to keep, sturdy, good chairs!
Just have to drop it off at UPS.
This is something I somewhat expected from reading the other reviews, however if you're 5'8-5'9 or above, you will have to adjust the way you sit, because planting your feet on the ground will require proper posture with how low this couch sits from the cushion, to the ground.
I recommend glueing some of the joints as i did for extra support .
It went together very quickly with no fuss.
It's super easy to set up a chimp could do it!
The chair was really easy to put together.
It is solid and looks good.
good quality chair, gives lot of back support, very helpful about my back trouble and looks great.
I will likely buy more from this brand!
Love this desk.
Good product for this price.
Didn’t take a lot of time to build and feels very sturdy
The instructions it came with were very clear (and actually written in understandable english).
Little to no signs of distress on the top.
The lumbar support is nice, no issues.
The instructions are pretty simple to follow.
The design of this table couldn't be any easier.
I happen to think it's actually really comfortable especially considering how cheap it was.
This is exactly what I needed to store my school supplies - text books, notebooks, flash cards, computer cords/chargers.
It was heavy and difficult to bring in which is why b is was not returned.
After an hour or two, you really feel it.
I have not call Amazon or the company yet but will soon and see what they can do about it, it's more than a month after owing it.
I got it for $549 which is a steal and a wonderful couch for the price.
To top it off one of the arm wrest had a huge crack going down the side of it making it almost broken in half.
I don't understand it and it doesn't make sense to me (I hope someone agrees with me on this one ;).
Each day is better and better so give it some time.
This chair is amazing!
It took merely 4-5 hours to assemble with the help of my dad.
Loved the look and feel of this mattress.
It looks nice, but that's about it.
Obviously cheap materials at this price, but they look fine and areally functional in my guest room.
The quality of this office chair is superior; amazing at the price.
It is either full forward or full back.
It is just in the right height for this to happen.
She loves it.
I paid a little under $60 and got what I paid for.
Sturdy basic desk.
This little table comes almost completely put together, my 18 year old daughter was able to screw on the legs and balanced it with no issues.
Construction was a snap, and you can't beat the price.
The box was small enough that I could get it into the house by myself (although it did take a little bit of work).
I took a chance and ordered this one to try it.
It is not too noticeable, so I'm not worried about it.
For all the money I spent on these, I would expect them to arrive in pristine condition!
I had a chair to help me but I couldn’t open cupboards or refrigerator with the chair in the way.
Perfect for small spaces
Just what I expected for price.
If you want to protect it we bought 2 twin size quilts which covers the entire sofa.
It looks wonderful and is very stable!
The chair is a bit oversized so that it's perfect for a smaller person to curl up in, two small children to sit together or a larger person to finally fit just right.
The headrest is good, but does come out if you adjust it too high and is annoying to fix if you do pull it out.
Chair is firm and supportive.
Better for kids or someone about 5 ft 11 or under
It really is breathable so you won't be too warm or sweaty or anything like that.
Just beautiful!
Highly recommended!
There is no lumbar adjustment, but the lower back support is sufficient.
It was great out of the box and really easy to assemble.
But seller has asked me to try to figure out where the noise is coming from.
The ‘L’ shaped makes it easy to prepare ribbons on the long side and transfer to the short side for assembly.
Aside from that I put together this chair in about 15-20 minutes which it includes all necessary hardware and tools to do so.
From the initial constructing of the chair there were issues, but I worked around it and was able to resolve the issues myself.
I ended up using longer wood screws which you can't see anyway as they are under the seat.
This one seemed to check all the boxes, and BOY did it.
Very solid and sturdy-ridiculously easy to assemble.
Should be about a 10 minute job !
But the leg pieces weren’t cut correctly, resulting in one of them not standing up straight.
Happy with the purchase!
Nevertheless, I now have a worthless piece of junk that I don't dare put a paperback book on, never mind my laptop or monitor.
Plus not sure what type of material it is.
Spend a bit more and buy something studier tbh.
Exactly as the picture very easy to assemble
Guests asked if table was bought used.
It was very easy to put together and I like the big cushy seat because I tend to "perch" while playing meaning I like having my legs up on the chair.
We purchased this Amazon basic chair to replace an older chair we had for years.
Really disappointed this product.
You cannot really adjust the base height.
Due to my room size, I don't want to have of office size chair.
I would advise you to wipe off any spilled liquids immediately to avoid this problem.
It’s stuck at the tallest position so my short legs hang.
This caused us to not be able to screw in one of the screws for the back arm of the chair.
This delivery was quite a bit late, about 5 days if i remember correctly.
Tried and tried to assemble.
I only had an issue assembling the top screw so I had to use a adjustable wrench but besides that it’s great.
PROS: Shipping of the product was relatively fast.
For the money this is a great value.
The seat pad is odd, the middle of seat seems to have more padding than the actual area that your sitting on.
Our heat was running a lot on the day the frame was assembled and once the frame started to warm up, then the chemicals from the paint that was used to coat the bedframe started to release throughout our house.
Very recommend it!
I have bought and assembled most of the furniture in my home and this actually doesn't even seem worth the $45 charged for it.
Functions well and is very comfortable for what it is.
The table had no blemishes upon arrival!
Bought this at the start of the pandemic for our office.
This desk is well built.
It holds up very well.
Suggestions to earn star number 5: 1) the UBS outlets are so close together, it’s almost importing charge two items at once.
But I read a lot of comments from previous buyers that their tables arrived with damage somewhere -- corners broken, hinges come loose, etc.
The desktop is a little too thin, not sure if it can hold heavy stuff on it.
Then I ordered a new one which had a dent on the wood surface.
It's just like the mesh patches on running shoes.
I saw some negativity  reviews and was  little worried after ordering but i got it put it together and it was great.
Attached are photos of my product in how it came.
I am happy with the purchase.
The assembly was fairly easy.
The biggest and annoying problem I ran into is that I had a huge shortage on screws.
For the price, I expected cheap quality.
Rhodes Furniture wanted me to pay a 20% restocking fee if I returned it, and Amazon didn’t help with that issue at all.
The instructions were EXCELLENT and the box even included some spare parts.
But we made it work, because our shelves aren't going to be holding a lit of weight anyways.
On delivery, it arrives in a very large cardboard box.
At first I thought this chair was great but after using it for a week, I completely changed my mind.
This is heavy though so make sure you have some help when trying to get it out of the box, etc.
Still very soft.
Still do not have them.
Liked the color, easy to put together, a nicely decorative piece on a budget and practical for occasional use as a futon bed.
The couch was moderately difficult to assemble because the fabric BARELY covers the needed area and takes quite a bit of strength to stretch in to place.
And, it becomes very uncomfortable to sit longer.
Super recommend this table if you have a small family or are a couple it's just so great.
This desk is perfect for our upcoming virtual learning experience.
I was very disappointed even though I was getting a good price, I figured it would not be a piece of art.
bought as a gift and they love it .
I like this chair as I could take a short nap on this chair instead of moving to my bed.
It comes in one box that contains five wheels, a hub, pneumatic  lift, seat and back.
Went together easy, I was able to make it happen solo.
I hate the fact that we had to cover but, sure takes the stress off having to worry about how much he was damaging the furniture!
My daughter loves the desk now she can do her school work comfortably.
It’s a decent little table for small spaces.
I'm an average sized woman, so this chair should work for me (I have three that do), but it is very uncomfortable.
So in short, the chair is cheap and is pretty close to garbage if you plan on having anything long term.
It's a cute set but the table top has laminated plastic over it.
Being mounted on the two legs guarantees NO gap from the baseboards, so the 12" depth is genuinely only 12 inches from the wall.
The only slightly confusing part was installing the seat onto the base.
There is a large dent in the #12 leg which is a back corner leg.
Not a bad thing as it is easy to see what they are in the drawing.
The product had a very heavy paint smell and it didn't go away in 2 weeks!
It was agony!
love the color, but one the tables has a bunch of scratches on the top.
Beautiful honey color.
Overall, the components are sturdy and don't feel cheap.
ANYONE can put this together.
Not overly comfortable, but I have spinal issues, so my comfortable is probably different than most people.
It does not hinder the chair one way or another.
They are a good 3 to 4 inches too short for me.
It came in good packaging and the manual was easy to follow.
My husband's holds his laptop and he's often working out of files or binders.
Throw pillows - Crate & Barrel?)
Assembly was straightforward, and all the parts fit together nicely and tightly.
It suppose to have 2 pieces but only one came.
This desk did the trick.
Sadly, despite these being marked as "espresso" color, I found these to be WAY too dark to match my other espresso-colored  furniture.
while these aren't anything I'll keep for a long time sicne they're not real pieces of furniture, they will do nicely until I find something that's real wood or close to it, that's heavier and taller.
Just Leaning back looking at my computer screens.
Very nice, sturdy, well-padded.
I’m so glad I bought this, I was super unsure at first because I have this wierd heater on the bottom of my wall and I wanted a desk that would push all the way to the wall, this totally worked!
It's my wife's new favorite place to hang out and relax.
This chair is a huge upgrade from my previous office chair that was completely ripped, loud, and broken.
I highly recommend this stand if you are looking for a quick simple solution for a small stand for a small space.
DO NOT BUY THIS!!!
Minor shipping damage to the bottom of the table and one bench, in (almost) unnoticeable places.
easy to put together,  very sturdy and just the right size!
The sides are flared up unnecessarily that digs into my legs and the edge only reaches halfway down my thighs.
Fingers crossed.
Save your $$$ & invest in a real wood desk.
Many had cited the chair as easy to assemble, comfortable and ergonomic.
Returned and ordered a fancier style and some of the holes are drilled incorrectly.
Very comfortable chair.
I only wish the big pieces could be flipped around so the cable management holes could be placed according to the users needs instead of on the far ends.
Clearly labeled pieces made setup easier, although the file drawer instructions didn't effectively show how to put the hanging rods in place - we ended up leaving them out.
But make sure when building it you follow the instructions and do not overtighten the armrests until you have positioned the backrest into place.
For the price, it was a pleasant surprise.
Will not buy ever again!
Open the box and it was damaged
Yes, I would still recommend this product.
I am very impressed with these tables.
Plenty of drawer and shelf space.
First of all it’s very comfortable chair, and it took me no time to put it together, fashionable in shape, and small in size which is exactly what I was looking for!
The product took over an hour to assemble including having to drill out new places for the screws because the holes did NOT line up.
Arrived quick and very well packed.
I like to fold my legs underneath me while siting but its hard to do in this chair.
Assembly is generally easy except for putting the back onto the chair.
Being of cheap construction the legs tend not to be totally solid - especially if you need to move it.
My wife Loves this chair
All parts are clearly labeled.
I"m already researching what else they make so we can buy more stuff from them!
It was easy to assemble the chair.
When attaching the main mechanism to the underside of the seat, there are six screws that need to be used.
I wasn't sure if I could handle putting it together on my own but I did.. so it's definitely fool proof lol!
That said, I suppose that the lack of luxury does encourage the worker to take short breaks from work every hour or so as recommended for best overall health.
I would recommend.
I know I screwed everything correctly and followed directions so I don’t know what that sound is.
I might have been handy to have 2 shelves instead of a single large compartment.
The white stickers to hide the screws are pretty inadequate as well, but since I filled the cubbies with baskets and trays they are not visible.
Ok, so I never build anything, let alone a 100 lbs desk !
I am NOT a happy camper and won't purchase another Linon product !!!
It also always looks stained.
I started out looking for a fitted cover but happily found this throw which is big enough to cover most of the sofa but leave some leather exposed.
Very happy with this purchase.
I was not expecting that all the tools I needed would be included, so that was a major bonus!!!
They look nice, have a small amount of hidden storage in the smooth-opening drawer, and are well made.
Does it “relieve pressure” as a sleeper sofa mattress; NO, not by itself.
Seller stands by their product and warranty, and they have excellent customer service.
Very good chair.
The structure makes a very slight panel-vibrating sound when tapped.
I absolutely love this frame.
In fact, I use that spare room for two monitors, a keyboard/mouse, game controllers, five speakers, my laptop and various other office supplies.
great product
This is going to be a joke!
Feels like it will fall apart and came cracked
Oh, it came with a broken plastic cover on it's back, not a big deal.
Put it together on Friday.
Took about 2 hrs to put together.
It’s great for my 8 year olds Minecraft room.
for this price you can't complain.
My robotic vacuum goes under it without any problem.
The second one was a breeze.
For under sixty dollars, this chair is a bargain.
The only downside to this item is that it’s not sturdy enough.
For my build the arm rests are in a nice position.
I ordered it at 10am on a Saturday, I had it by 9am on Sunday morning.
Don't buy a chair unless you get to see it and try it out in person.
Just finished assembling this futon, easy enough.
I am a 66 year old female and I had no problem putting these together.
The other thing that you need to know is that this wood is just incredibly soft.
We had to create new holes.
Easy installation, took maybe 10 minutes for 2 chairs.
Long time to build, but I could not be happier.
If you're looking for something to ease your pains or help you work more comfortably through out the day or play your video games in comfort, this chair is not it.
would not repurchase.
It fits perfectly in the space I had available for it.
Sturdy as long as you don't put too much stuff on it.
It is easy to put together and it’s very secure to attach to the bed.
I kept the chairs to my old table which were the same finish.
Product shipped fast!
Great quality, only had to put the legs on.
Once assembled and in place, I was very happy to see the table was quite sturdy and spacious, which is what I needed, coming from a desk that was only 16.5" deep my 39" wide.
Bought second one after using first one several months.
Definitely worth the money.
The only thing was that there weren’t any pad for the bottom of the legs and I really didn’t want the bare wood rubbing on my hardwood.
Hopefully the replacement holds up better!
It makes me feel like I am sitting in a wok.
I was able to rig it differently.
Like the materials.
Easy to assemble as well
For the price, these are ok.
Would definitely say this is great value.
Can put together solo.
I feel like this chair should cost 199, and I could see going for 249 if they had a size bigger.
The chair was SO EASY to assemble, I put it together when I was tipsy, from just the little paper instructions in the box!
Would purchase again...although maybe more cushion in the back, and slightly thicker plastic would improve this product.
See they put in holes intended for screws to go in the wood but in those holes there was cracked and broken plastic.
The arm rests are too narrow to comfortably sit in.
Not as sturdy as I thought it would be.
Note: I will use it daily for a few weeks, and see how the padding holds up.
since I've looked at about 10 sit stand desks I'll say this is a good deal.
Only ordered one just in case it didn't work out but it does so I'm ordering the 2nd one now.
It took us several hours working with a battery operated screwdriver.
looks much more expensive.
But otherwise, you really only need a second person when you’re assembling the “l” and to move it into place.
Awesome desk!
So the deduction star was really for the instructions.
Its very comfortable and gives me a very nice back rest.
I do have something to comment about the ends of the legs.
The desk is very low to the ground and didn’t realize that before just going ahead and purchasing it.
Cheap looking and arrived partially crushed.
I purchased this for my 10 year old son for a gaming table.
It’s lower than I thought it was going to be but I haven’t really bought a desk before lol.
Especially for the price.
Pretty much all the corners are crushed and it looks like junk.
When searching for sheets and a mattress, you must buy the "pack n play" or "playard" size (38x42 inches) where as the average crib size is over 50".
Color matches photos.
Small arms, looks good, works well
For me, as a 5'5" 111 lb.
Spacious for my workstation and sleek light wooden board top.
Please send me an email address to tomas.diaz1@att.net, and I will forward the pictures which I took.
It is easy to assemble and quite sturdy although the wood board on top could be thicker but it is heavy enough and fits the purpose.
I’m happy with it.
It's really comfortable!
I also loved the free placemats.
I assumed espresso meant it would be at least a little brown.
Perfect for our son’s nursery.
This is exactly what I was looking for!
He's into gaming and this is the perfect beginner desk for him.
not sure what its actually made of).
It’s very firm though.
All three numbers were no longer in service.
Looks nowhere like in the picture, it is quite small.
This has so may features all packed into one piece of furniture.
Great price, it fits perfectly in the little space in the living room.
For the little bit it's used, it will last me long enough until I can afford a better one.
I liked that it did not have arms, and I didn't want a chair that could adjust in every way imaginable, except what would make me feel comfortable.
He loves it.
This computer stand is great.
Chair quality is pretty good seat tilt is best feature of this chair.
The cushion and back support is upholstered  material,  if sit on it we slide out of the chair, back support will push out our lower back and will not support any way.
Very very short and small.
It seems like it’s pretty sturdy, and it should last for a very long time.
Instruction booklet is very easy to follow and It's very easy to assemble the chair.
It can lean all the way back, and the arm rests can be moves side to side, and up and down.
Just the right amount of comfort and support for the price of the chair and nothing has broken so far.
Also, great customer service which is always a pro!
New product at a Good price with delivery
The smaller board had a corner scuff straight from the box which is unfortunate.
Looks nice and serves its purpose.
Great gift for my husband!
It welded itself to the surface of the desk.
Screws were clearly labeled and seperated with Blue thread Locke at the tips.
Assembling took less than one hour.
It is large, the pictures don't do that part justice.
Then I put the wheels on while he assembled the rest.
There are two settings for recline: 1.
I turn it and turn it (both ways) and nothing ever happens.
I was super skeptical but I absolutely love it!
I've had this  gaming chair since July 2018.
There is no way this table could support a bulldog.
It also came at the time it was promised.
I recommend it.
But, It took more than half an hour to assemble this.
All pieces were easy to put together.
The legs have feet that let you adjust the length.
The screws and the key was given, which made it very easy to assemble!
After quite literally 4 hours on the phone with XPO and Amazon, it was discovered that XPO doesn't always run on Amazon's delivery schedule - so the selection you choose for delivery is basically null.
Had no damage by damage I mean a customers worst case nightmare scenario of having to of returned what they ordered if it had come broken [which it did not which is great!]
The Mesh back provides an cooling/airy effect & the arms are adjustable for height/width.
Got what I paid for I guess, pretty shocked at the amount of 5* reviews.
It was easy to assemble, did it by myself...
Perfect for my office space.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!
The customer service is closed on weekends which amazing.
It has now been about three months of daily use and the chair has been really comfortable.
put together in very few short minutes.
Once I got my office set up at home and I started using it.
This chair does NOT disappoint!
Although the price factor is a bit high, in comparison to many of the other well-reknowned name brands, this seemed like a steal so I knew it would be the best addition to my home office.
Yes, he’s ex-military, but he’s not all that tough!
It stays put as long as we sit as we are supposed to sit on a chair.
The 4-port USB hub is worse than a trickle charge at best.
The online product description said the chair is leather covered, but really it's covered with plastic impregnated fabric.
I have several specifics you will DEFINITELY be interested in reading: 1) The little adjustable armrests?
Instead, I received immediate responses from Mika's and they offered me solutions.
Instructions are lacking so don’t count on those but you really don’t need them anyway.
[UPDATE] After I posted this the mfg got in touch.
Wouldn't have said anything if I had just ordered one desk and had this issue.
The "support" is a metal rod that your lower spine bumps against.
No noise or squeaking.
Plainly put, the chair is not comfortable at all.
Good choice.
Great chair.
The table top itself shipped with a few blemishes but overall it's sturdy and I would mount to it (monitors, mic arm etc).
But, I think it is worth noting for both the positive and negative implications: these boxes can survive a beating, but be sure to count and check your pieces right away for damage if you get a damaged box.
Perfectly comfortable, good swivel, good lean on it.
I'll add a picture for reference if you're worried about length if you're planning on doing a similar setup.
Desk came well packed and in perfect condition.
There literally aren't holes in the metal on one of the legs.
Love the vintage look of this sturdy little table.
It is an alright table but they should definitely take the time out of their day to fix the instructions.
It is a little hard so I added a gelfoam pad under the mattress pad.
Adjustable with hight hand arm.
When I moved out, I brought it home and had it in my bedroom for a while as another piece of furniture, until we put it in the living room.
The first one had a bent mechanism and the box arrived with holes in it.
2 weeks of use and the stitching has came apart.
Not planning to because it isn't visible at all with my table's location.
(He's 5'6, 195lbs) At first he wasn't a big fan of the neck support, but after a few uses... he's getting use to it.
I would not recommend anyone buy this desk as there are many others on Amazon for around the same price that are much, much better.
I absolutely loved it!
Wonderful table and only took minutes to assemble.
The paint came off when I simply removed the assembly stickers.
I sincerely hope this company starts to make more furniture pieces like this that don't require assembly (e.g.
Easy to assemble.
Perfect size and it’s beautiful.
Buy one, you will be happy.
Alas, at step 7 of the assembly process, I discovered a weird thing about how they designed this unit.
Perfect size for a young couple with not a lot of room
Looks great in the new guest room
Less than a month into owning it, the fabric on the seat has ripped!
I bought this chair for my kids nd they loved it my oldest daughter who is 13 assembled it on her own 👍great chair the only thing is it does not lean back but thats ok ...
It's really beautiful.
Overall, I love the desk.
These are going into the conference rooms at our office.
The whole seat has snapped and is just hanging there.
Beautiful little table, I recommend highly, could not be happier.
This desk is very sturdy.
Arm rests are fine for computing not so great for playing guitar.
It provides support, comfort, and style.
Good value for the price..
This time I got a desk for a very small den.
They are a little longer than anticipated.
This is a great bed frame for apartment dwellers and other renters who move fairly often.
I'll sleep soundly knowing that my bed won't ever collapse on me in the middle of the night.
One went together easily and the other had holes drilled incorrectly at location spot.
I’ve spent a lot of money and time looking for a couch cover but this blanket is perfect!
I was going for a more modern look and instead of spending several hundred dollars on a new sofa that would hardly ever get sat on, I saw this as a perfect option!
They are straight and fit together perfectly.
I don't think it's a 5 star but it's comfortable and i recommend it although it could use some improvements.
Add a set of VESA monitor mounts and you’ll have a perfect desk for work or play.
It is beautiful and works well!
There were no written instructions.
Started with 2, then added 2 more!
Delivery took 6 days, not 2.
The desk was shorter than I expected.
Great work table.
This chair is adjustable in height and has a slight rocking effect.
As many have stated in these reviews, this chair is not really intended for all day use, but it is high quality enough to consider it a good buy.
Overall, I’m very pleased with my purchase.
And I am a grown man.
This is perfect for a smaller space and pretty easy to assemble.
If they are consistently unable to withstand the bubble wrapped environment of a padded box, how will it withstand prolonged use, sitting, pocket rivets, or any other real world application?
They were a piece of trash.
The only option was return it and I was about to take it all down to return it after spending a couple hours putting it all up.
Quick to put together and sturdy
I sent my order information less than 20 minutes after the request and 15 days later I have yet to hear from them.
Assembly only requires installing 8 screws per desk - 2 in each leg.
If the idiot who did the labeling didn't mess up by putting the labels on the wrong pieces.
So uncomfortable and cheap.
We ordered this printer stand with some reluctance, since it had to be assembled and we had just finished two difficult desks.
I am so happy with this desk and when the time comes, I will (hopefully) be re-purchasing.
it is actually real wood and not just laminated particle like most furniture at this price point.
I'm 239 ,6,1 and this chair fits me better than any I've owned.
I can't really comment on how long it will last since I don't use it full time.
I plan to contact customer service about the poor quality and broken pieces.
Luckily we had a larger allen wrench at home that allowed us to finish.
Does anyone know why this might be happening or how to fix this?
For example, the screwheads are exposed, so you see shiny silver circles against the black metal.
I can see strip of newspaper in it
Easy assembly instructions and all parts were labeled and easily identified.
Would definitely recommend.
It was also easy to put together.
Back ya go!
I would certainly buy it for any man who doesn't need to put a super heavy equipment on the bench.
Priced correctly for what it is.
The leg dent wasn't a visible dent until assembly, and once it was standing on all four legs, the dented leg became extremely wobbly.
I love the look of this table, but it was damaged upon arrival.
Mostly cause I am so happy to finally be working at home but the product is very sturdy and spacious for all my needs as a desk.
Not only does it not rock back, I feel like I’m leaning so far forward that I’m going to fall out of the chair.
Fits my double sleeper perfect, and oh so comfortable.
I currently have 2 monitors plus a laptop on one side, he has two laptops and two monitors on each side.
After searching for weeks for an L-shaped desk that was wide, I’m glad I went with this one.
The wood finish will hide blemishes better.
It’s sturdy and the finish on it perfect.
So far it’s very good for the price.
Great chair at a reasonable price.
The size of desk is perfect for home office Nd homeschooling.
It is slightly taller than is ideal for me (I'm 5'4") but with my chair raised all the way and a footrest so my feet aren't swinging about, it's functional.
The instructions were very clear and all of the parts came nicely labeled.
Not too big and not too small.
Love my dining table.
After we remodel our bedrooms I'm ordering side tables!
It’s beautiful and sturdy and has lots of space for my double monitors and laptop.
I am looking for another chair.
Fits 2 stools.
I originally bought this table for the purpose of being an altar table.
After I got it put together and gave it a once-over, I noticed a small tear on the backrest portion, it actually looks more like a burn mark.
It’s just what we needed, big enough for work and small enough for our one bedroom apartment.
Saw lots that seemed to fit that bill but this one is also a breathable fabric.
This was easy to assemble.I have ordered multiple and enjoy.
It has a hole in the back of chair, and now I'm stuck with it, because return window has closed.
Only complaint is you can’t put more than maybe 40 lbs on it.
They're hard plastic and just get in the way.
It took 2 adults.
The foam on this chair is firm enough to be supportive and soft enough to be comfortable.
Legs just screw right into the table top.
Having nice things, in my opinion, means being able to vacuum underneath them...
Comfortable and looks sleek.
Nice touch.
Easy to clean and appreciate the adjustable bottom shelf.
), so I will have to see if the chair stands up to my "punishment".
Very good home working chair for summer.
Great product!
I love that it hugs me and that my head clears the back.
Very sturdy.
Chairs are not level.
Keeping because I don't want the hassle of a return.
Instructions and assembly were pretty easy.
It was very easy to put together.
it feels super nice and is perfect for working from home or gaming for long periods.
Work great so far
Got the biggest version came in good for my studio equipment #BooM313Beatz
The couch has four parts plus two pillows plus four legs.
It measures 25" wide by 55" in length and seems to be sturdy .
IMAGES/VIDEOS: Image 1: Chair at minimum height Image 2: Chair at maximum height Video: A demonstration of how well the chair rolls.
GOOD OFFICE CHAIR?
I barely had to put any strength into the bending.
There were several dents on mine upon arrival, the pieces don’t fit flush together, parts of broken (ie see the half broken screw attached here), and there are white paint speckles all over the desk.
The metal was a bit misshapen upon arrival but my boyfriend banged it out with a mallet or something.
Now I have to get my own drill and screws and try to get it back together which is very annoying.
Well after it arrived I set it up (which was very easy out of the box) and placed two 22" monitors on top along with a wireless keyboard and mouse on the keyboard shelf.
Fairly easy to put together, great for small spaces .
Nice chair!
If you are looking for a sturdy no frills computer desk, look no further.
Not a big deal, and I knew it when I bought it, but I wish now that I had bought a chair with softer arm rests.
It's super affordable.
The only issue I had with it was with assembly, some of the screws did not align with the holes so I couldn't completely assemble the desk but other than that it works fine.
It was really easy to put together too.
The padding is already basically useless, I can feel the lumbar support digging into my back.
It was a perfect fit for the new banquette my husband built in the kitchen.
It works well and is really good quality.
This chair holds up to 400 pounds.
It is a quality made chair.
My floor is super uneven so the adjustable end pieces on the legs help it stay in place as well.
Great for the price, even if it's a bit delicate.
Issue we had was rod from motor was missing retaining clips on both sides so only one side would work.
I’m so glad I got this.
Really great little table, but way bigger than I imagined!!
I'm giving this five stars... for now.
After I purchased the chair I saw the price go up astronomically.
I cut them to fit each leg and no more swearing!
Box is large and heavy for one person to manage but do-able.
Setting up my laptops and docking station took longer!
Love the color and look- for the price and ease of assembly it's a great find!
The chair is comfortable enough, but I may need to scrap the chair.
Overall Experience 4.6 Stars.
The fit between all the pieces is okay-ish.
It seems like I always bump them and end up having to move them back when I sit back down.
Happy I made the purchase!
Thank you 😊  I’m one happy camper!
I strive to stand at least 5-6 hours a day while working on this desk & it has proven effective.
One could glue but then you will have issue at disassembly.
It took me a bit over 10 minutes to assemble, and for now its holding up great It is relatively very cheap for what your getting Pros, Ergonomic Neck Holder Design No sound or squeaking I would recommend any day.
It’s made it through 2 moves so far, and holds all of my school stuff.
If like me you need a better home work space for quarantine this will do the job and look fairly stylish as well.
I temporarily zip tied the controller to the support beam and will drill the holes on the weekend.
We got the leather version, in a beautiful cognac color, and the quality and feel of the Stitching and the leather itself is very good.
Will probably sell and but a better product.
I bought this for my Man to use as a bar table for his man cave, he loves it.
This is an incredible piece of furniture.
It is a rough ride if you have to sit in it for an extended period of time.
Liked it better for $52 which is what my wife bought it for.
It was super comfortable, relatively easy to assemble, and I really enjoyed it for the time it was functioning.
The box was beaten up but not a scratch on the desk.
Fell apart in less than 3 months.
I returned this chair and promptly bought a used Herman Miller Aeron from a local office furniture outlet for not much more than the cost of this chair; I'm not really sure why I didn't do that before.
You can do better buying something else for the same amount of money.
We was going to order two more for presents for our parents but definitely not from this seller!!!!!
If you work from home I would go for something else because it’s not an 8 hour/ 5 days a week chair.
The top is beautiful and the metal frame is strong and sturdy.
It also provides a fair amount of storage space underneath... but in my experience, it completely compromises the firmness of the mattress, and as a result, the extra storage space just isn't worth it.
Desk arrive with no damage.
Should’ve shelled out more for a nicer chair, that’s on me.
It is exactly what I was hoping for.
The assembly was easy/clean (no Styrofoam).
Hate it when there's pieces missing.
Good leg room and a couple of stash cubby holes on the end for cute baskets or whatever.
It worked immediately upon plugging in.
Product is sturdy and stable with a nice work surface.
We were able to remove the covers and throw them in the washing machine no problem.
Sat on bed and bars gave in causing me to fall.
For the price, can’t beat it for a kids night stand in a tight space.
I bought this table, though I was little nervous about it, after reading the reviews.
Great color and wood.
perfect as a small laptop desk in our bedroom
The packaging was very protective and every piece was wrapped accordingly.
Highly recommend.
I assembled it by myself in about 40-45 minutes.
EDIT:  It's been one month and the seat cushion has already become flattened, and the arm rests are starting to wobble.
This chair looks classy and has a mesh cushion and backing, which breathes very well.
No more having to clean glass everyday.
I immediately noticed the right arm was wobbly and assumed I had failed to tighten it properly.
It just barely sits on the sides of the drawer, falling down into the drawer with a bang if you touch it or move the drawer.
I will have to buy another desk and throw this one out.
The design is a little flawed and it some parts jam up the Alan key only allowing you to do 180 turns rather than 360, taking a little longer than necessary.
It sits nice and easily adjusts up and down.
Thick tempered glass.
I also purchased 3 of the 5-tier shelving units for my LR to display photographs and am thrilled  Then I purchased this table as a side table in my BR next to my vanity to hold lotions/purfume (one shelf), face cream/cleansers (2nd shelf), and frequently used make-up and hair products (top shelf).
A few weeks after I left my review, the company contacted me to offer me a refund.
I didn't really like the black configuration but I decided to take a chance on the white looking alright.
I’m very satisfied and have no complaints.
It is sturdy and it holds my 280 pounds just fine.
Love it and easy to put together.
Would definitely recommend rivet furniture.
Chair can be raised pretty high.
It arrived quicker than promised and was better than expected for quality (for price).
With the Covid19 issue forcing me to work from home for the first time, I needed a bigger desk quickly and cheaply.
Maximum Gaming with this Chair is about 2.5 hours which is pretty decent.
There is no adjustment so if you tend to hunch, it is going to cause a little soreness at first but if you keep your back aligned to the chair, it actually helps your posture.
The instructions were clear and the assembly was not that bad considering you would need time to build it.
But the main thing is that it was the easiest piece of furniture I have EVER put together.
It was easy to assemble, and it doesn't feel flimsy at all, since it has a hefty weight to it.
This futon is basically a kind of dirty white.
This chair has really weird set up tbh.
Love the color.
The installation was easy and quick.
I just had it delivered and even though I waited for quite a while for this chair to get back into stock, I am more than please with it.
Works really good.
We bought this for our Mom who has problems with dizziness and her hips.
Overall, I have no problem recommending this chair for purchase.
For the price, it's well worth it.
The pneumatics are smooth and quite easy to operate.
I have to say i needed something temporary as i plan to move to a different city at the end of the year.
Very sturdy and looks great.
The most important thing is this table set doesn’t need a lot of space.
This coffee table looks amazing!
The price and the make is good.
it was longer than i expected but the perfect size for my gaming recommendation all around
Everything else I considered was so expensive, but this table is quite reasonably priced.
Very sturdy and easy to put together.
Good purchase
Before I ordered this I called my dad to make sure he would be able to come over and help me put it together.... he was supposed to come tomorrow but I decided tonight I was tired of doing my homework at the kitchen table so here I am.
It’s comfortable enough.
The straps are attached to the changing table itself, so you do not need to get a changing pad that has straps.
This chair is perfect for office use.
This sofa cover is a beautiful color.
My husband had no trouble putting them together.
I like that it's reversible.
Of course, these posts add to the sturdiness of the bed frame.
Great sofa.
Super simple to assemble.
Easy to assemble.
I called the Zinus customer support line and was put on hold for about 10 minutes at which time a voice came on and told me that their offices were closed and I should call back during working times.
You get what you pay for.
It was fairly inexpensive so I guess you get what you pay for.
The frame of this chair is built like a tank!
Came boxed nicely and was easy to put together, just had a little trouble getting the drawers to line up...not a big deal, but I notice it.
I have ordered this multiple times and the kids love it.
The bottom of the chair wasn't drilled properly so it only takes 3 screws instead of 4.
It has some unfinished paint at the bottom of the table.
They conveniently used one allen key wrench for all bolts, which they provided.
The 2 panels have an eliminate surface over the top of the " Engineered wood" (which is a fancie name for pressed particle board.
Super easy assembly
Other than that, I like it, easy assembly, looks great, pretty sturdy.
Best couch cover ever👍😃.. it completely transformed my loveseat into luxury couches
It's firm,  which I prefer.
This works great since it doesn't take up any more floor space but gives me a place for my food and drink.
It can save 4 preset heights and has a numeric read out of the height, too, and if you've ever had a standing desk before you know how crucial that is.
These were used as temporary nightstands for my bedroom.
if they sale cushion cover with that if it would be really great
Not even a wobble or signs of it breaking any time soon.
I am beyond thrilled with this desk from the way it was packaged to the labeling on each piece making it super easy to assemble.
I might as well buy another one for myself.
I am incredibly happy with this purchase.
Would I recommend it?
Overall look is great and the assembly was easy but does require 2 people or a lot of patience for one person.
Feels like you are sitting on a hollow base covered by this faux leatherette.
Every scrape or bump shows.
Don’t but it.
While the back is finished, there are four holes for locking washers.
Good height.
Below the seats are storage if and when you move.
It's sturdy and is works great for my home office.
My 3 yr old gets up and down easily with the bar at the bottom so that is awesome
beautiful finish.
We have our dish drainer placed in the sink.
Before I knew it I was assembling the desk as I was finishing up with the hardware installation.
2 tries for this company and they failed miserably.
All the edges on the desk seem kind of off some are just peeling away.
The instructions provided are decent with only a few areas that I struggled.
Very happy with this purchase.
Because they rely on this pillow for the back contour, the chair is really uncomfortable without it.
I put it to the back corner so I won't see it.
Wjen the table arrived the box and table was beat up.
Go with a sturdier option.
Because it was such a project to get the table out of the packaging, I hoped that they could just send me a replacement door, rather than try to repackage the whole thing, but nope!
I will personally be tossing them right in the burn barrel this weekend.
The assembly went easily and quickly; the instructions were simple.
Already broken.
Desk was very easy to assemble in under an hour.
Construction was easy-peasy.
It looks very nice and was easy to setup (less than 1 hour with my wife's assistance).
Comes with an allen wrench and all the bolts require for installation and a couple of extras.
Easy to assemble.
I lv this desk !
I had to disassemble completely to get them all facing the back.
They also boxed everything great we’re everything inside was protected.
I don’t need JUST A TABLE !!!!!!
2) Top gives slightly so if you have anything heavy in the front middle it will bow a little.
Parts wouldn’t fit together properly
Also the lumbar adjustment is only adjustable by reclining the chair otherwise it feels like the edge of a board is being pressed into your back just below the shoulder blades.
Ever since putting it together, I have had no issues at all and have absolutely loved using it.
This table is great, perfect for what I needed.
Failure occurred around 6 months of usage.
Well Built and comes in most thorough packaging as well.
I guess being light is a plus as I can stash it at a corner when it's not needed but you don't want to put too much weight on it either.
It seems very sturdy, but after getting everything in place I tried to remove that yellow sticker to find out it is literally a full on sticker, meaning it will almost certainly leave a huge white mess on the top of the desk.
Started to fall apart less than a year after purchase -at that time it has been used the equivalent of 8 month of 2/3 hours per day use.
For as heavy as the package was you'd think it would be a bit more sturdy, but it does it's job for me!
**Function** I am typing this review on my newly organized battle station, which is my work desk now that I work from home and moonlights as my xbox gaming station.
It is comfortable for a hour or so (I have a bad low back).
Besides, the price is right.
The seat of the chair and the back of the chair were very sturdy yet soft to sit and lay on.
The instructions were clear and easy to follow.
I will update this to let you know if I got it together and how long it took since I have nothing to tell me what goes where!
The design is so good for posture and can adjust to any angle you need for stuff.
If you want a desk for work/everyday use, this is not the desk for you.
The shelves are nice, but could be better.
Additionally, Amazon wants me to take this extremely heavy table to a UPS facility to have it returned.
Handy to have the tray come off too.
This table was very inexpensive.
Now all I need is a bedframe.
I'm pretty happy with it.
I had to buy a mattress topper to be able to sit on it.
The back of the chair is pretty short.
They are coffee tables together or separate, or fine as end tables too.
It's thin & flimsy.
For example, I’m disappointed that the arm rests aren’t adjustable.
My chair arrived and was put together on Thursday.
Also, the headreat is too low and hits my shoulders when leaning back.
So, in a way, I have a unique black and white one that doesn't quite exist anywhere else.
Very nice desk and great quality.
Missing parts
Cute from a far, but the sides are plastic, it doesn’t screw together properly and it’s flimsy
Very nice looking.
Looks very nice, fits the room and our needs (little extra storage) perfectly.
Easy to assemble, beautiful design.
it wasn't damaged.
It does help if you have your own tools but even still, legs take the most time to put on.
Don’t waste your money on this chair
I like it that the arms flip up because I like to use my keyboard without having chair arms interfere.
It suits me perfectly to work from home.
I only replaced it because it was losing comfort but I made matters worse.
This does not have adjustable Lumbar support and any claim is simply false.
While this desk is certainly made for shorter people, this is perfect for what I needed!
Love that the benches fit under the table when not in use.
Very nice decent desk for kids.
You do get what you pay for.
Well this wasn’t very easy for my partner to put together.
It took me 30 minutes to out it together; very easy!
Very disappointing.
Assembly is easy, but not have strong structure.
I took a chance on a bargain and unfortunately it was a mistake!
Overall I am happy with this purchase.
- able to save up to 4 presets.
I tried resetting by pressing both up and down buttons.
Cute pcs and definitely perfect for a small areas
Just be prepared to pay the extra $$ for a pad to keep your mattress secure on this platform.
All of the pieces were included and in good shape.
The frame is made out of metal and the wooden top is solid.
Instructions are nearly 100% pictorial and my first thought concerning the directions was holy crap.
Beautiful and great quality.
Raises and lowers.
four corners comes damaged.
The folding arms enable it to be pushed under the desk to save space.
Very sturdy and blends in my office background as its thin and sleek design..
Since it is small I could say it shouldn’t be a problem but I wouldn’t put anything heavy on the top.
No instructions needed.
This table desk was very quick to assemble and is a great size.
The pouch is also made of a strong material that is not flimsy or easily torn.
One of the chair legs had oversized holes for the bolts.
I have had this chair about a month and to date it far exceeds my expectations.
I’m 5”0 so it’s a good size for me but my husband is 5”11 and he doesn’t sit comfortably.
hARDEST PART IS UNWRAPPING IT.
It is a very good size for a growing toddler.
The backside looks weird with the futon's ledge and zippers sticking straight out- may want to back it against a wall or cover it with a blanket.
But no return because it took a while to get delivered.
I like the look of this as it is simple and was easy to assemble.
And the price is also good.
One of the chairs were uneven, 3 of the chairs have small holes so I couldn't get all of the screws in, and all of them are wobbly.
Plenty of room for an ultra-wide monitor and my full size corsair tower.
Perfect for our apartment.
Maybe that was the original intention, though.
Add the armrests to the seat and then add the back.
The farmhouse style hides some of these imperfections well.
Seat cushion kind of thrown and doesn’t look like it will hold up for too long.
Not hard to put together by following the paper instructions they give you.
vacuumed packed pillows take awhile to fill up, not very full after 48 hours to match the longer ottoman pillow, which is not vacuumed packed.
daughter says it works good for a small table she could use in her sunroom
The holes in the top shelf which fit into the D panel do so either loosely or not at all.
It's a manufactured wood product.
I gave a low rating because the wheels will not stay in the chair.
But other than that it was easy to assemble and cute for a tiny apartment
If you’re having a long gaming session or working in it, it is uncomfortable to the point of actually causing pain.
It looks great in my space.
So far the chair seems to have good quality, comfort and functionality.
Amazing product I was amazed it took me about forty five minutes to build and it works great
Only took about 20 min.
This is my 3rd chair, neither lasted very long basically that faux leather started cracking up all over the place after a year or so of 8hr/d use.
Being as it is, it will break off sooner than later.
I’m of average height and thin and I don’t fit at all.
The biggest problem is the size of the screws that screw into the actual desk top.
The annoying bar on the sleeper sofa disappeared underneath!
Assembly was simple.
I needed a small kitchen set for my small kitchen, and this one is pretty nice.
Since then, I have had to throw two away due to cracks in the arm supports, and the other 4 are about to go.
I got this for my 14 year old for virtual schooling this year.
It fit perfectly in the corner of his office room.
It's the most comfortable office chair I've ever used.
The drawer is a bit wonky but overall not a bad piece for the price.
Great purchase.
Chair looks and feels durable, professional, and was very quick and simple to assemble (in total theres 12 bolts).
what really annoys me is they are pretty lightweight for a sofa set and keep sliding away whenever we sit on.
The company needs to reimburse me for the $32.00 I just spent on new wheels.
Whenever I sat back the board would warp between a concave and convex position enough so to make an audible and physically popping sound when any weight was applied.
Definitely a must have for all gamers and office workers.
Also love that it comes with a remote control holder.
It was super easy, and didn't take long at all.
Its pretty impressive that I only needed the supplied allen wrench to assemble it.
Nearest drop off for a return was 20 miles away.
It took 1 person about 15 minutes to assemble the chair.
Love this desk!
If you're looking for a good quality, low price coffee table, I'd really recommend this one.
The seat cushion has gotten a little flatter but I don't feel like its gotten any less comfortable.
I love this sofa.
I ordered this desk when I switched to working from home.
I seen that some people said it was perfect and some people said it bad.
Highly recommend!
Perfect for my apartment and space.
I have contacted customer support and am waiting for them to get back to me for a replacement part.
It is exactly what I wanted.
More on the firm side.
In fact, I put it together last night when I got home from a show and was totally wasted.
There is ample storage space underneath, and I have been able to rid myself of the horrible squeaky box springs on my bed.
Lovely wood, I'm very careful not to scratch it.
The design and style are where this chair stops being nice.
Since I am usually a DIY'er (do it yourselfer), I wanted to break out my power tools and show this bed frame who is boss.
The seat back has a piece of metal that pokes you in the back, and the foam padding on the bottom bolsters is not there.
Ok, they last a year or so and then the connection between the base and the chair starts to bend and break.
I am a software engineer and my back used to sweat a lot due to the leather chair in my office and I really hated it.
It would be easy to assemble if they sent me the parts drilled out.
The one I received was defective; however, the company was very proactive and responsive to correct the issue quickly.
You want something nicer, you'll have to of course, spend more money.
Well, it does not.
Perfect little desk for the perfect amount of money.
That wasn't a big deal for me.
I would recommend this chair as a quarantine miracle for and new work from home office!
There isn't much to say really.
We're thrilled with how it fits in our living room and seats so many people - exactly what we wanted!
Can someone tell me what to use to clean the table top?
I didn’t have super high hopes for this piece but it was extremely easy to put together and overall is clean looking for an end table to a chair or couch.
This is more of a ikea type $19 table.
This table is perfection!
Took me 5 minutes to put together and it didn’t even come with instructions.
Too weak to use for a regular job.
Is it great for small spaces, deco areas and guest rooms/office?
About 2 months after we received this bed frame we found an extensive infestation of BED BUGS in the headboard.
For those of you using a laptop, I think this size will suffice.
The butcher block top is sturdy and thick, although the clear finish applied to it does get knicked up easier than if it were butcher block minus the shiny coating.
Super easy to put together, all the pieces were in the box and tools needed to put it together other than a phillips head screwdriver.
This is a little wheeled tray which works great next to a desk or couch; the perfect size to put a snack tray or drink on.
Love the chair!
Ours arrived quickly and with no damage.
You just screw in the legs in two minutes and you are all set!
NO, NOTHING HEAVY WAS ON IT AT ANY POINT IN TIME, WE USE IT STRICTLY FOR EATING!
It looks very nice, too.
This chair DOES NOT have that capability.
Turned against the window and hidden by chairs, you don’t notice it.
pegs are about 6 inches off the ground.
The instructions where easy to follow and put together.
Sturdy and super easy to assemble.
I bought two of the 2-drawer lateral files, two cube bookcases and the L-shaped desk.
Plus it makes your devices  malfunction when plugged in.
At first, I felt like I splurged on this chair for my son but it is totally worth the money !
We just set it up in my bedroom and the smell is so strong that I’m not going to be able to sleep with it in there!
So if you need a cute, sturdy, well made, little table that takes about 20 minutes to assemble and looks fantastic with your other farmhouse decor, this is it.
The desk is sturdy (I have a 21" iMac and a second 27" monitor on it), and it doesn't move around or shake at all when I'm typing, etc.
Don't buy these for a night stand if you have a tall bed, or as end tables if you have a large couch as they are quite small.
Very nice office chair, for the price!
After having it a bit less than 4 months now, it's starting to squeak when reclining.
I called Amazon about it and instead of going through the steps to send it back & reorder, I just decided to keep it.
It's deep and wide enough as you can see in the picture for a big printer phone and office supplies.
Comfortable to sit in.
Now like I am sure many people have experienced in their lives the screws never line up perfectly but you somehow manage.
Took awhile to assemble, but the instructions were easy enough to follow!!
This was a great price and made well.
The computer stand's screw holes were also too small to fully screw in by hand; I had to use a screwdriver drill to get them in completely.
Pretty sturdy, color seems a little off but is still somewhat accurate (columbia wood).
Which was WONDERFUL!!!!
There are similar products that are about half the price (~100 compared to this product’s ~200) but they had  counters less than 1” thick and/or make of particleboard, and/or didn’t come with the accessories, and/or had reviews that suggested a bit of flimsiness throughout.
GET THIS PRODUCT!!!
Putting it together how you think it should be could lead to some minor problems.
Unfortunately, this chair is not on the list of products that I can get a replacement for so now I have to take it back apart and send it back.
I wanted a chair without arm rest so that I can push the chair closer to the desk.
Had this chair for over 2 years now, after about a year the cushioning started to flatten out.
Its design is super sturdy (which is something I need with my rowdy puppy in the backyard).
If A/C outlets are at a premium you can feed the cord for the worklight from the back through the same hole that the power strip feeds through to plug the light in to the strip.
But just because the paint gets scratched off doens't take from how strong this desk is.
Being a big guy (280lbs) I do feel this chair won't last long.
I’m 5ft5 and the table is under my knees.
No matter what adjustment I make to the chair I can't get it corrected.
When I was putting it together I made sure that everything was tightened down good.
The chairs are nice but obviously they have had some serious model defects.
I had been looking for one for several years that I could afford and that could also easily house two screens and a laptop dock.
Very well written and illustrated instructions and hardware was well labeled.
I ended up having to use a chair from our livingroom.
Ordered this living room group for my mother and twice only received one part of the group, the loveseat.
This one had good reviews and the price was right.
I’m 6’4 210 pounds and seats me great.
Oh, and while it rolls freely, it doesn't OVER-roll.
I went ahead and just put the rest of the chair together anyways because I don't think it will affect the structure or anything, but it was still frustrating.
First one ordered came with crushed corner.
I would not buy this chair.
- just attach legs and flip over.
All my stuff is close by, yet out of sight
There  was no squeaking.
The cushion and back support is quite thick and firm and nicer than other chairs we tried.
4 - This is a particle board/press board desk with paper-ish veneer on the outside.
Don't jump on it and it will serve its purpose well.
Happy with it at this price point.
Looks like maybe the inside brackets or the form came through the pleather.
We were able assemble in less than one hour with the tools given and some wine breaks in between.
I am 215, but bought it for my kids.
The legs are also extremely sturdy, made of metal.
For the price and the product I got.
It is comfortable and sturdy.
It is easy to assemble, pretty comfortable, has a great warranty, and a fair price.
One reviewer claimed the arm rests came off when he stood up.
moderno, no muy grande, comodo , ideal para apartamentos pequeños .
This is an economical work/desk chair.
Wanted to buy another one, but the price tripled in a month's time.
Do not waste your money.
I did not have to take anything apart, etc.
The item is well-made construction is OK however my son had an issue on how short the table Is.
Now, both chairs are not merely great.
It will take two people to assemble and lift up stairs.
For anyone buying this strongly recommend you do not put the screw caps in for 6 months so you can easily tighten everything once it breaks in.
Small enough for our space, but my husband, son and I fit comfortably on it when we want to watch something on tv together.
All four pieces of he frame interlock making this very sturdy.
I got it a few days ago so I haven't had it long enough to see how well it holds up over time, but first impression is great and I'm looking forward to enjoying it for some time.
I weigh in at 205 lbs, and I'm not sure I'd recommend it for anyone weighing in at more than that.
This chair was much wider than expected and I LOVE it.
If done correctly there are no gaps.
I'm a 225 pound male and my legs are pinched by the arm rest.
The strong manufacturing smell goes away very quickly.
This desk purchase was a big mistake.
Kitchen island
Of the two, my wife likes the midback but I love the high back.
Good looking, easy to put together.
The alignment on about 1/5th of the holes was poor which caused minor imperfections with the finished product but nothing that you would notice without really looking at it.
This was disappointing I've gotten another amazon basics product and it was outstanding, I expected more.
please fix or refund.
Also pretty easy to put together.
Very very pretty color!!!
Bought as a gift for my work from home daughter who says she loves it.
Very sleek and beautiful.
I already have a table of similar length wanted a bigger one.
Upon opening, there were Styrofoam pieces between the parts, but it was not sufficient to protect the desk.
If you are looking for a sofa, this is it!
very comfortable , ergonomic I am very satisfied with this product.
Product material shows ant thing that touches it, but we just put a blanket over the bottom part.
I put a dark gray ottoman next to it and they both look simply gray.
Table is okay nothing special but for that price what do you expect
There was a chunk out of the top/side.
Power tools NEEDED to get the #1 screws in.
It could also use a bit more back support as it is not adjustable.
The comfortable shape of the chair  and its curvature help make up for the hard cushion.
Would easily buy again.
I also charge our television's blue tooth speaker on it.
I think it'll probably have to be tossed.
The construction of the desk (metal frame and particulate top) fit together seamlessly.
Super disappointed.
This chair is absolutely perfect.
My husband uses it nearly every night, including kicking his feet up on it, and it's just as sturdy as when we bought it.
It wasn’t expensive, easy to assemble and very sturdy.
Don't normally dish out negative review, but I was pretty angry after done assembling this piece this afternoon, Was very excited when purchasing since the pictures on the product page is exactly the look I was aiming for, however when the product arrived, 1.
Could you get something better for the price?
I purchased the Lauren loveseat and chair in fawn, and it looks fabulous!
I wish it had an option to adjust lumbar support BUT it's still an awesome chair for the price.
It glides across my fake hardwood floors easily.
Finally in a different place in the directions in tells you how to unlock the tilt.
For an inexpensive little end table, I was pleasantly surprised.
It's fine for the occasional use they will get on game days.
love my table for electronics have 2 of them
Love the desk and overall quality and looks matching with modern set up.
The wood slats is supported with a middle metal brace with 3 legs.
Used them as patio tables, did not hold up well with 1 rain.
The color and picture depict it perfectly .
I tried angling the bolt on the other side in an attempt to start the threads and pull the shelf closer but the screw only went in so far due to the angle and when I reversed the bolt the screw came out of the pressed wood.
First of all, I love every other aspect of this chair.
If you combine that with the 200-300 that it costs to freight it back to them (out of your pocket) you essentially end up getting almost NO MONEY BACK.
Now I gave to find something else which I will have to spend a lot more to replace it
Again, my vote is for metal frame versions with flat woods slats.
I have a stand up desk in my office at work, so when I started teleworking, I wanted once for my home office too.
Guests are amazed at how comfortable the pull out is!
I almost passed on this desk because of a few people’s comments about their desks being wobbly.
Getting it delivered, they were very on top of keeping me up to date and scheduling when to deliver the couch (as someone needs to be home to bring it inside).
Cheaply Made.
All I had with me at the time was kids- and I got it together with their help.
Sturdy, easy to put together and my son loves it.
There is actually room for two chairs at this desk.
Exactly what I was looking for.
That’s the only reason why I still have it.
I was a bit hesitant to purchase after seeing some of the other table tops arrive damaged.
I was able to put it back together but it was wobbly after I did and then I decided I wanted to scoot it about 3 feet over in the room it was in and it collapsed when I tried to.
However, I would say if your kids are climbers it is probably not ideal.
It makes my work from home situation much better and was easy to put together.
I get so many compliments on it.
For the price you can't beat it.
Specifically wanted to wait to pass the time of the last chair I bought more expensive and certainly did last very long.
Not sure how to fix it.
I'll give it awhile and see what happens.
Please these chairs suck and I’m sad there are still people buying them and getting ripped off!
Completely easy to put together, 5 minutes, and totally comfortable.
I’m 5’4 and I even feel like there is not enough support for my legs to sit comfortably/slouch because my feet can not touch the floor.
Luckily I have a teenage son to assemble it because it did seem harder than it should have been.
The slats were the biggest concern for me as everyone had a different opinion on them.
I bought this item to use as a desk since I am working from home.
I bought this same table from another website for a LOT more, but needed a second one.
It serves well for the price I got it for.
Very sturdy.
I prefer an extra long sofa so I can comfortably, or to have room to seat 4 adults comfortably.
There's plenty of room to tuck away electronics, coasters, books, remotes, etc., without having to clutter up the top.
Happy and comfortable at my desk.
Excellent for our new game room.
It shipped a crossed the country and no damages, so that’s impressive.
Additionally on the stool part of the wood was cracked which doesn't give me a lot of confidence in using the stools.
It was inexpensive and just a handy little table to have.
I imagine this is to avoid the metallic and greasy feeling you sometimes get from assembling furniture - what a thoughtful touch!
I have been following an older version of their (Von Racer) chair and had been noticing the consistent positive remarks so when they released a newer version with a color scheme I liked, I knew it would be perfect.
It’s.. okay... it’s firm but over time, there a dip in the spot you sit in the most.
My husband is 5'11in and can finally lay fully stretched on the couch... And still have some space!
Although, it’s only rated for 10 lbs.
I would probably recommend going with something nicer unless you want to replace this every few years.
Probably would have been quicker if I put the headboard on first like it said.
You will end up slouching forward and rounding out your lower back.
Highly recommend Edit: the only weird thing is that the material of the chair collects lint from whatever you’re wearing.
Great table
It’s just me in my house so I wanted something smaller and this is perfect for my living room.
I am thankful that this company was thoughtful to include a short assembly video within the listing.
Overall 10/10
The back does have 3 hard-set positions with no adjustments in-between.
Solid wood, very clear and thorough directions for putting together (and high quality hardware) and a quality finish.
It looks very modern.
Lots of desk space to work on.
This was one of my best purchases when it came to getting a desk.
Felt good first day.
Returned immediately.
I placed the table outside on the patio in hopes that the odor will go away.
It was super easy to assemble.
The seat is so scratchy that it makes my skin very sore.
Seems sturdy.
Nearly impossible to turn over.
The height  is two to three inches higher than our old sofa.
Took a while to put together, and it came scratched and nicked in the box.
Yes The legs are plastic but I got the dark stain one and you can’t even tell.
It took maybe 30 min at most to put it together.
Cheaper than all the comparable alternatives.
But, for close to $40, I was expecting a little more heft.
Fits in the corner I needed perfectly.
As I was inspecting the seat I noted one of the sides where the screws would go in for attaching the side had some damage around it/the leather.
Easy to assemble, makes working at home much more enjoyable when you have a functional space!
Super easy to assemble, no tools needed.
Overall I like this couch, but I think it could be better and/or they need to provide accommodating pieces for it.
He’s complaining about the plastic part in the bottom of the back.
The price you pay for a tiny desk that is almost made for toddlers is a joke - I wouldn't pay more than $50 for this item its defiantly not worth $130.
There a a couple places you can see through it but I ordered throw pillows so that will help.
For $40 I would have expected more.
The product appears very nice in quality at first, but after only a few months of owning these futons (I purchased two) they both are tearing along the seams at the stitching.
Absolutely love this.
The only punchline here is that the instructions state to install the feet of each piece first.
Glad I did ♥️
Will be seeking refund!
I would recommend a 30” desk over this.
I was please when I got it xand after having chair for over month am still pleased.
It was ok for first two weeks.
I noticed a lot of negative reviews.
Highly recommend.
The whole chair is cheap.
Great for the price.
I ended up leaving about 4 screws out of each desk to avoid further injury to my hand (blisters) and damage to the power drill.
It is very sturdy and looks great!
I purchased 2 tables and both arrived quickly and in good condition.
Its effortless, I love it.
It is a great economic chair.
Not made of particularly high quality material, but it does the job.
Very good desks for they price I have ordered 4 over the past year or so.
Needed a chair for my small home setup because a folding chair was turning me into a chiropractors dream patient.
Very sturdy structure and modern look.
Nice desk if you’re only going to use for a short period of time.
The seating is firmer than it looks but I think it can be broken in to be softer after moderate use.
What makes it uncomfortable is it’s design.
They were not easily seen, but they did lacerate the skin.
Other reviews have also stated this.
It’s pretty simple to assemble.
I didn't give five stars because I was mad about the box being messed up.
I will be returning it
Sturdiness is where I have an issue.
It was very easy to build and very sturdy for how light it is.
I am waiting for contact back from the seller to see if this will actually happen.
Disappointed.
With that being said, for the price, you really can't go wrong.
Only time it gets a bit uncomfortable for me is when i play games for 8+ hours straight without getting up.
Some might say it’s a sofair.
It’s smooth , nice and practical recommend this chair to everyone.
In fact, I am sure they purchased the Beds right off of Amazon and jacked up the price.
I explained that I cannot return the item since it is already in the trash.
Nothing fancy, but it is working for me as an occasional table.
A lot of “must-haves,” for one piece.
You can find a better dining table .
Literally, all I had to do was remove the packaging and this bad boy was ready to go!
came damaged.
An ease to put together, sturdy and just pretty to look at.
One corner of the table was damaged a bit, but we just put that side against the wall.
At first i was a little worried about the sizing because it looked small in pictures but once i put it together i realized how much space i really had.
Well this is what she got and for the most part, it is regrettable.
Now, when I seat for more than 15 minutes on it, I feel pain on my back and legs as I keep counter-balancing with the body the off-center position caused by the chair.
The only thing that I would say is that it shows scratches very easily.
It was easy to assemble.
I have fallen asleep several times in it already.
I bought this end table in espresso.
I took off one star because, on my particular unit, there were some very minor imperfections in the finish (some minor streaking).
I regretted almost immediately buying this.
So easy to use, I love it!
I am still looking for some baskets to place under it to store toys.
It is absolutely insane.
I was getting tired of raising the chair up every 30 minutes, so it was time to put this one together.
Good for my kid’s room.
(I plan on doing that one day…) 6.
This was really difficult to assemble as the pre-drilled holes were not well placed.
Thanks made in China.
Love these tables.
Not friendly for houses with children in it, for the same reason.
I took one start off because the surface is different than any material I have had, and no matter how I clean it there are always streaks and you have to clean often than usual because even fingerprints show and that drives me crazy.
I know I should’ve called the company but it was Christmas Day and my 11 yr old was pretty persistent on having it set up that night.
Very well designed table.
The chair is wobbly, flimsy plastic covers on both sides, and the arm rests barely rise above my legs.
I have a heavy duty Singer sewing machine and this table is solid and sturdy enough to support sewing without wobble and vibration.
It came with two sets of casters (rollerblade and whit double casters) and there was no explanation on which one suits carpets vs hardwood floors.
The chair I purchased had the part with the mechanics locked up so I couldn’t lower or raise the chair.
It is still in like-new condition, and I love it!
It's also surprisingly a "massage chair"?
I needed a small rectangle table with shelves for my sewing accessories and this was just what I was looking for.
The back of the chair leas forward so much you can only sit on 60% of the chair.
Very comfortable.
The baby has a long ways to go from the corner to reach the edge, and I've slept on the couch almost every night for the past 6 weeks.
I’m using it in my tiny painting studio with a table top easel...I wanted it to use it fr for multiple things, writing, crafts, painting and also to be able to fold it down and move out of the way to do yoga.
Looks great too.
Lots of squeaking that can be fixed with WD 40, but also still annoying.
The table is all broken up I need to return it for a refund
Daughter likes it for her desk.
I'm sure that in a week or two it will not smell at all.
Then we figured out...this set was short a piece.
It is easy to put together, modern looking, sturdy and functional.
Good piece for looks, not superrr comfortable but with some big throw pillows it works!
Found these originally in a furniture store for $300.
This table is fantastic for a gaming station.
Seriously awful furniture.
I’m super impressed by it and so happy I found it.
The chair has already broke with just my daughter using it at her desk.
Table itself is nice, but the baskets are less than adequate.
The cushions could be thicker as I feel the slats when I have sat for a while and the slats aren't very sturdy as my grown son plopped down one afternoon as he was accustomed to do, and we heard a crack!
Bella tal y como aparece en la foto .
I am very impressed with the quality of the table.
best of all is the price.
Easy to order.
Package came in pretty beat up but no damage on the chair.
My only negative thing is that the top is textured so you have to write on a note pad and not just a piece of paper or you will have all the squiggles and lines.
I went ahead and kept it because I need the desk and will just have to use a black marker on the scratches and nicks.
It arrived with a crack in one of the pieces but I already unpacked everything in the box I wasn’t redoing it and shipping it back.
I do hope that it holds up our old one was a hand me down and definitely had it’s life.
Awesome customer service.
I also like the X-frame in the back, and used it to tie up all the cords so I don't have any sitting on the floor.
Comes with about 40 screws and the skimpiest instructions ive ever seen.
My self-care is PC gaming at the same battle station, so I needed something very supportive to keep me from straining at the desk all day.
We were concerned after reading several posts about the potential problem.
So far so good.
I received the chair fully packaged with all the parts as showed on the site.
It’s a desk, not much more to it.
The desk is very reasonable for the amount you pay for it.
I had to drill my own hole which was a little difficult and did cause me to mess up the finish because I drilled too low and it went through on the other side and chipped.
Fits well in my small kitchen and was very easy to put together.
The cushion is not as comfortable to sit for long hours.
It looks great and I'm so excited for our guests to sleep over in it.
I have used this couch for a while Now and I love it.
Delivery: the original packaging is damaged upon receipt and there is no cushion support inside the box for the parts so they dont move in transit.
This desk is great for what it is.
Gave me backpain.. i wish i can return it but once u put it together very hard to take apart.
It goes pretty low, so I feel like I'm sitting in a baby chair.
This is the most  uncomfortable chair I have ever purchased.
The one thing I I would say, is that I wish that there was some sort of a drawer to like throwing sticky notes and pens and whatnot.
Lumbar support should be adjustable.
wishing I had read those reviews before I bought this in a rush.
- As a mini crib it felt safe and durable.
And the added storage is the bonus...
Came with a big crack in it, still usable.
The desk itself is 1/2" thick composite fiberboard with a vinyl wood-grain application.
He told me "I don't know anything you can't see on tracking" and suggested I call the manufacturer.
Think it’s going to work great in my living room.
But horrible shipping took almost a month and was lied too but I love the table tho
poor choice for my injury.
Very nice industrial look.
I do not recommend this product.
I really feel two people won't be able to comfortably put plates and have dinner
This chair is definitely worth the money.
Very well made I love it.
Assembly easy and they supply the only tool (hex head wrench) you need.
About to buy another for my wife.
A printer or other equipment will have to go elsewhere.
Also, all of the washers and screws were covered in oil.
Assembling furniture is enough of a chore without having to find and buy all the parts it should have shipped with in the first place!
Would be a great table if everyone is under 5 feet.
I may update later.
We bought it for our 9 year old daughter and it’s a good size for her but I’m not betting on this desk to last 90 days.
i love this table!
I would give this desk 5 stars, however, the shipping was delayed so many times and the item got lost in the mail.
This chair seems well made with parts that don't seem weak.
You have to fit them in a certain way and it's really hard to get them in.
The assembly was easy but the fasteners stripped very easily and those that didn't do not hold very tightly.
I guess I’m another crazy dog mom here in the reviews but I purchased this after adding another dog to our family!
However, 2 screws were missing that attach the shelves on the bottom to the legs... so 3 or 4 stars, but I am nice so I'll do 4.
I'm very pleased with this purchase.
For all the things you get the price is outstanding.
Easy to assemble:)
Maybe they’ve changed how they pack this because we had NO issues?
After trying several cleaning tools, furniture cleaners and total frustration, none worked..
The table is 2 bolts per leg.The legs lock into place before you even attach the bolts making starting the bolts a breeze.The table by myself took no more than 10 minutes to assemble.The tabletop came pre attached.Looks like its glued on.The chairs have 2 screw sizes.One size using cam locks that were pre screwed on the bolts so there's no figuring out what goes where.
I Loved the stretchy material.
It's made of solid pine.
I recommend buying four large shipping cardboard boxes from Walmart.
Great for my needs.
Surely I could have found a better chair if I wanted to spend the time trying them out at Staples, but for my money and time, this is the very best I could imagine it would be.
Great design.
I love how lightweight this table is!
They hold strong and are easy to clean with a spritz of 409 and a microfiber cloth.
A good economy stand.
There's a big dent on the side, and two of the four corners are damaged beyond just painting them.
Over the last few weeks, I've emailed and left numerous voicemails for Seville's customer service team and received no response.
As a guy who spends tons of hours in front of a computer, either for fun or work, I liked the idea of getting a chair with some lumbar support.
It is the perfect size for a family of 4 and not crowded when we need to seat 6.
Had to change to 3 stars as the second chair the armrest cannot be screwed in on the left as the nut on the seat faces down, although the girlfriend says she can live without the armrest.
i got this chair after hours of searching for something i thought would suit me.
Exactly what we wanted!
They are useless.
Not bad at all.
I had honestly been looking for ever for something affordable and that would look nice in our guest room and these did the trick!
I inboxed the second one and started assembling it before I realized there were major cracks in the sides.
I've removed it and now im basically just using what youd call a mechanics chair at this point.. Edit 3: Half a year later and the chair is unusable.
Not a very good chair.
Edit: the seller sent me a full refund, so I've changed my review.
I am very please with the purchase!
Upon looking at the pieces to put together, it almost seems futuristic and cheap.
They are 6 1/4" from the seat.
TLDR: Good desk for the price, but not perfect Pros: Easy to assemble; seems sturdy enough; good price; arrived next day Cons: No holes to feed cords through; unable to use packaging easily for returns I'll admit that I didn't have high hopes when I bought this.
For the price this is a fantastic chair.
It adds a bit of nice decor to this area of the house.
This chair is much more comfortable than my last desk chair.
Just look at the picture and you basically get it.
And took about ten minutes to setup.
There was also a suggestion from the manual (and from other reviews and Youtube videos) that assembly would require between 2 - 3 persons.
All the necessary pieces and parts were accounted for and clearly marked.
It rolls easy, looks elegant, and the arms move easy.
I love the country-farmhouse look, this table is the perfect size for my kitchen and for my husband and I.
Bad buy, cute product.
A bit hard to get the back on during installation, however I may not have fully followed the instructions so it's my fault not theirs.
It helped me so much with my lower back pain and my shoulders pain.
Very firm if you like that type of mattress.
Only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because I was missing several screws
Slats are spaced <4" apart, which is what Casper recommends.
Alls u see is my lamp.
Very durable, heavy and quality made.
Maybe it would be comfortable if not for the incessant rocking that drives you crazy constantly balancing on top being the noisiest squeaking sounds ever.
Other than this, I have zero complaints about this chair.
Give yourself some room to move around it and you’ll be fine.
We bought this one because it said it would hold up to 300 lbs.
Everything works great on the chair still, besides a slight loosening of one of the arm rests but it's so small I barely notice.
However...at one point in shipping, one of our boxes had been dropped and was delivered in an obviously "exploded" fashion.
I fell in love with the color, size, and style but I already hate it.
Out of the box, it seemed like a good, heavy duty product.
The product was received in very sturdy packaging and looked like product online.
Just a lamp and to hold cell phone/charger.
It does seem to be 2 inches lower than desks found at office supply stores (therefore 4 stars).
I did purchase it because I had to work from home and I did not have allot of space to make an office.
POOR quality in the plastic nuts that hold the bolts in.
Just two hex bolts on each leg.
Amazon, stop damaging your goods.
However, after only 4-5 months, the fake wooden layer on the front of the desk started to chip.
I require a chair that's very sturdy, adjustable and ergonomic.
This was easy to assemble, but I did need a little help at times assembling it myself.
I returned the table and was sent a new one.
When you get to the very end of building and you have the last piece, it doesn't connect.
With that being said I am very pleased with the chair and thing it is as advertised.
Simple instructions to put together.
I highly recommend this chair for the excellent price!
I searched for big and tall office chairs and this chair came up in the search results and I am under the 265lb weight limit at 225lb.
The legs just twist into the table.
My husband was having a lot of back pain with his traditional chair office chair.
The padding on this chair is very flat, and after a few months of moderate use, I'm already noticing it seems like the back isn't holding up that well and gives away a bit when leaning against it.
It would be nice to be able to adjust the height of the back a little bit, but I'm okay with not having that option.
It looks great.
Mind you in all the chairs I owned I never had to purchase a seat cushion.
Overall great purchase and would recommend for anyone looking for a gaming chair on a budget.
Gamers will love the space and i love using the one side of the desk as an armrest.
I think I'd rather have the seat mostly flat.
The arm rests are adjustable and the seat pad is quite wide and very thick.
I recently started working from home and quickly realized long hours in my old task chair were not helping my sciatic nerve and scoliosis.
Also when I received the item it had marks and chipped pieces of it.
The tables look great.
Also, the bars people were complaining about being left uncovered are covered on mine, with little caps in the ends, so there's no unsightly holes.
Very comfortable and relatively easy to set up.
After sitting for longer than 30 mins my bottom begins to hurt due to lack of padding in lower seat portion thus my reason for mentioning the item being overpriced.
Better than I thought
Would not recommend it.
I was surprised how easy it was to put together,  It sits nicely , don't compare it to a 1500 dollar couch, but for the price it's outstanding.
I'm sure it'll grow on me.
No tools at all were needed id repurchase for this alone.
Did come with 2 or 3 little chips from shipping but luckily not on the visible part
This is a good budget chair.
For the chair, it has all the standard features of an office chair (raise/lower, lock/unlock to lean.
This chair is extremely tiny and would only be feasible to sit on for more than a few minutes for a child.
I appreciate the quality service I received despite the mishaps.
Other than that, seems sturdy, comfortable, and good for a variety of body types.
What a waste of money!
But, it didn't damage the sectional inside it.
Within 6 months the cushions had deflated and just over a year after purchase one of the arms broke.
I wanted a couple of tables with a "woodgrain" to go with our new furniture.
The bar gets in the way when you try and stretch out your legs.
Easy IKEA assembly 😊
Comfortable executive chair upholstered in bonded black leather and PVC Padded seat and back for all-day comfort and support Pneumatic seat-height adjustment 360-degree swivel smooth-rolling casters Measures 29.13 by 25.59 by 41.34 to 45.08 inches (LxWxH) 1-year limited warranty.
I ordered 2 of these end tables and when they arrived, both had significant issues.
Also, the price is ok for a simple and small foldable desk.
Decided to order it and have the table top redone by a local woodsman.
Desk is sturdy working on, not sure about standing on it though to change a lightbulb.
Not the best quality, but good for kids.
It was a comforatble enough chair until the screw holding the arm to chair on right side fell out.
I have slight OCD and those last things bothered me a bit, that's why it'll only get 3 stars this time around.
It came in 2 boxes and everything was stuffed in the bottom of the couch.
Putting it together was a challenge, but generally I was able to look ahead to find out how things were supposed to go.
Updated: The table wobbles because one of the legs does not touch the floor, I have taken the legs off and checked the length but they seem to be all the same.
It's a comfortable chair and easy to assemble, but for the price I paid I didn't expect it to fall apart so quickly.
The only real good thing is the head support and the mesh back.
The desk was easy to assemble and looks very nice.
Pretty durable.
This chair is a complete waste of your money.
I didn't return it because the merchant required 30 percent restock fee and would not cover shipping cost, so I would have lost signif
Great chair for the price.
The screw holes are very weak as the desk is made out of rather thin and cheap board you would find in Walmart (Mainstays) furniture.
We ordered a sample fabric swatch for $.50 prior to ordering and actually rubbed it on our dogs and not a single hair stuck.
Read the directions and make sure to notice the images before starting your build.
You get what you pay for basically
Very sturdy, yet super easy to assemble.
I ended up fully assembling this and then returning it.
There are some complaints however.
Xacrky the color I wanted - a pure white.
All for a good price
The "wood" is really plastic and and not very realistic looking at all.
The seat of it is insanely uncomfortable.
I've tried adjusting the bottom plate a few times to get rid of this, but it doesn't help.
Solid table for the price.
The different settings of how the back reclines is amazing.
I wanted to like this chair...
Hope this helps.
I absolutely love them!.
I was pretty sure I didn't have it reversed, but found no other reason for it to not work.
Breathable chair ,very simple but comfortable,I like this office chair design is easy to clean !
Great value for the price.
Overall these are nice chairs.
Sat down in the chair for the first time in a few days and now all of a sudden the seat is crooked-my left side is about an inch or two lower than my right.
They look so nice in my living room.
The 63 inches allows me to put my Laptop, monitor, printer, alarm clock, and notebooks all on it.
Less than 5 minutes!
A great product for the price point.
I took a chance because my daughter is on a budget and I purchased two.
While assembling, one of the sides where the screw went in cracked off.
Sucks, now i gotta look for another set.
However, it is very low and I did not measure correctly.
Was easy to put together, is relatively comfortable (I have no problem sitting for long periods if needed), and rolls easily enough on carpet, since I didn't worry about getting a pad to go underneath.
Someone should check them.nice
Again, I RECOMMEND BONNLO's SOFA.
probably has given me more back problems than solved.
Update**** same day.
My husband put it together by himself in less than 2 hours.
I purchased this chair last year during Prime Day, and it's still going strong.
Had to ensure he had everything he needed up and running for his home office.
The directions say otherwise and it makes the top installation a little harder at some points.)
other than that, very happy with this inexpensive desk.
I was surprised at how comfortable it was and it's very classy.
My wife likes it.
The stools are comfy and nice.
Very compact yet spacious L-desk!
The only problem I really had was getting things aligned perfectly so that the two pieces of the desk line up right and everything ends up being sturdy.
There was no instructions, could of probably taken me 40 minutes but it took me about 3 because I had to google some instructions and it wasn’t even for the same crib, so I was trying all the screws until the perfect one fit.
however.... the 'leather' is VERY sticky and hot during warm weather.
I had 2 thin sturdy metal book ends.
The desk completely fell apart when I moved it into place.
I can't complain much for the price but if you can spend the extra money on something better.
Should have better protection for the corners in the shipping box.
Great price.
Very easy and quick assembly.
my only complaint is when I went to order a second 10 days later they had doubled the price which I find ridiculous.
Or maybe the furniture in the movies that gets broken really easy,  but actors do not get hurt when they get body slammed on it.
The chair is not made for taller people.
These things being said, It's really not terrible for $25.
Not sure about breathability but I’m sure it’s durable.
In front of my PC!
I would have given it 5 stars, but there very minor issues that forces me to give it 4 start.
Picture is before I put it in place, and was getting the cat approval.
Color as in picture.
I've only used it for 2 days and I'm overwhelmingly happy with it.
I don't know if someone wanted to play games when doing this or if it was really a mistake, however it was a time consuming mistake.
The wheels glide with little to no bearing noise and the lumbar and head supports are both removable giving you the ability to customize it to your liking.
And because my husband is away and not having anyone to help me out, i had a hard time putting the box on it and the mattress.
After a couple days of adjusting it a couple different ways I found it much more comfortable.
I plan on buying a Seat cushion to go with the chair.
I've updated this review from 4 to 5 stars.. customer service was EXCELLENT !
I was not sure about ordering such a large item sight unseen but it was a about as smooth a process as possible.
The chairs are exceptional for the price and I plan to purchase the sofa next.
Hope this helps some that are looking or previous purchased.
Easy to assemble and great customer service.
Very satisfied!
Maybe even 3.5 for time.
I work from home and needed a small desk for a small space, but enough room for my stuff.
I'm tall, so I often have it on one of the higher heights.
The directions were just really hard to follow.
Quick and easy to build.
My sons chiropractor stated that his gaming is causing poor posture and the frequent pain, so we got this chair for his gaming area.
We probably have over 50 books total and we still have tons of room left.
The back is made of 2 pieces of flimsy cardboard, like you'd use for a science fair display.
Even as I write this review, we don’t have the complete set yet.
The seat is way to short for my long legs.
We highly recommend!
Great for small places!
This chair is not only easy to assemble but reasonably priced.
With it being made out of pressboard, I was at first a bit apprehensive about the strength, but all that worry was in vain, I have had it for a year now and have even one through a move, and it has held up with no problems at all.
The monitor stand pieces were drilled out on the wrong side so the holes did not line up on the desk.
The computer table I needed for gaming.
Easy to assemble.
Has adjustable height and anti-wobbling circular pads on the bottom of the legs.
Can’t repackage to return.
Really cute.
I had to go back and loosen them and redo the step.
I like that it can hold either letter or legal size folders.
Easy to assemble and was packaged well.
Easy to put together (took me like 15 min).
Very pleased with this desk.
Completely disappointed.
Good decent chair for the money
I'm a big guy (6'4" 255lbs) and this is pretty comfortable for a couple of hour stints at the computer.
I keep all my school books and my iMac on it without any issues.
We love it!
Update: it is definitely not a sleeping bed for an adult... the gaps between the sections are too big but kids don’t mind.
It was huge disappointment after receiving the item wrong twice.
For small spaces: Most definitely.
Great product and very sturdy.
It also squeaks.
Besides scratches there are also spots where it’s not painted.
I'm sitting in it now.
That was the reason I bought this table so I could charge my phone Or tablet.
Everything is marked and directions are pretty self explanatory but there are many pieces and pages to follow.
Just over a 1 year and the pneumatic lift is gone after daily use.
It is quite versatile, I use it as a side table, a small rack for books and for teas or foods.
They are very light and can be prone to tipping, especially if you put heavy items in the drawer 3.
Not the most comfortable chair in the world, I usually sit on a cushion or have one behind my back but for the price it’s good and sturdy.
The only this is it comes with cover to hide and screws but they don't stay on very well.
Robust and specifically bought this one because it was narrow enough to fit on the small desk I have on my home office.
When delivered, it is 100 pounds so be sure to have a friend!
Also, just a little tidbit that I found neat, the non-woven bin fits on either the top or the bottom shelf which is nice if it's being used as a bedside table.
I would NOT recommend buying this desk.
Happy with my purchase!
The Chair is a bit small,the head rest hits me in the shoulder.
Thankfully I have a wire welder and I was able to make a patch repair for it to last until I could buy a new chair.
This item does not fit the descriptors used for searching which were cabinet and charging station.
Relatively easy assembly but some screws did not fit properly.
The sectional is poorly designed.
The assembly instructions are easy to read, and things appear to be pretty straightforward.
Great value.
My daughter likes it very much!
I'm extremely happy with this chair better
Easy to put together.
Installation was a breeze.
Very sturdy.
Also, the wood was a bit dented and scratched throughout.
Before I disassembled the chair to send it back I took the piston out of my old chair (which I purchased from Amazon Replacement Office Chair Gas Lift Cylinder Pneumatic Shock - 5" Travel - S6111 ).
It took me about 40 min to assemble the desk together.
You only get four, so immediately I was now one short.
So it’s not a weight thing related to the quality of my previous chair.
I am very happy with this desk in the first week!
This was fairly easy to put together if you've ever put anything together that uses cam locks and dowels (my only advice is to make sure you've put all of the screws for the cam locks on the front piece to prepare it before you put the middle shelf on, or the shelf needs to be held in place while you prep the front piece - the second went together more efficiently because I didn't wait for the instructions to tell me when to put bits of hardware in).
Also it sits lower than most desks which for me is a plus.
Feels like I'm sitting on wooden bleacher seats.
The desk is heavier than it looks - in a good way.
Cons: smelled a bit weird upon arrival, almost like a fish market.
Easy to assemble.
It was easy to assemble and looked great in my space for the first 8 months.
so easy to assemble and totally cute!!
Fast Shipping and Great packaging.
I didn’t want a cheap chair but definitely didn’t want to break the bank.
Then I discovered that the holes on the bottom of the seat to which the right arm is attached are not aligned properly.
The armrests aren't anything special, I wish they had more adjustments forwards and backwards, but I tend to rest my arms on the desk anyways.
I couldn't ask for anything extra.
I was wrong.
Easy to set up, looks great, I love it.
Got just over 6 months out of this chair.
My only complaint was I ordered the color sage but instead it's a little more blue.
He has plenty of room for his laptop and any other accessories he may need.
Fits my space perfectly and should last for many years!
The problem I have is with the bracket that swivels up so that you can attach it to a headboard.
I was extremely skeptical of course because of all the other reviews.
It came in two boxes very easy to put it together.
Looks exactly like the picture.
This chair is sturdy and adjusts right where I want it to be.
I bought one of these these a few months ago for the study.
The assembly is quite (physically) painful if you use the tools they provide.
Great quality office chair with a ton of features.
I am quite surprised by the quality of the desk.
It works perfectly in my apartment
I like the lumbar support.
SO glad I did, first shipping was super fast and installation was a breeze.
After having to rethread that bolt insert, it bolted in just fine.
Has everything expect damage packing, which is ok.
Holds very well, considering I have various amounts of weight on it for studio equipment.
The chair is all I expected.
they weren’t kidding when they said it’s recommended 2 ppl to assemble 😂 whew
During assembly I encountered one issue with sliding the second desk piece on.
It MIGHT work well for a kid.
That would make it much better.
Very usable.
Don't waste your money.
The holes didn’t line up where they should’ve.
Great value, perfect chair for me.
You owe it to me to do so.
Instructions were clear and everything slides into place.
The arms were challenging to get attached and the arms are also my least favorite aspect of the chair, the way they curve around offers little actual support that I would certainly want from a desk chair.
A desk with very firm base which is very useful for office or gaming purpose.
Overall, it is nice comfortable for the price.
Nearly flush, though, means that when my mouse crosses this joint it does catch a little bit.
My table showed up with two holes with no thread for the screws to grab onto for the legs to attach.
After using for about a month, my back and tailbone are in constant pain.
A+ for that.
Cannot put anything of weight in the bottom cupboard as there is no support for the particle board base.
I received a broken piece in one of the two night stands I ordered and had been waiting for the broken piece to arrive from the manufacturer.
Don't buy this.
Extraordinarily easy to assemble.
The black is probably a better look than fake wood grain, though.
On a high level I have to say that the shipment was quick and good and the assembly was not complicated for one person in one hour.
It would be nice if you couldn't see any strap so it looks better.
No items were ruined/damaged.
Love them and they look great in my living room!
That was a huge selling point for me.
Great cable management.
One of the chair legs had split wood making it unsafe to put together
This chair fits perfect in my home office it rolls nice it raises and lowers perfectly and has great back support
The materials seems okay, but I've on;y sat in it for 5 minutes.
The overall comfort of the sofa is very good to sit on.
The chairs at first looked small but are perfect height for the table and the table looks amazing.
I have no idea how so many people gave this chair a high mark.
And for those who hate assembly, fear not: I can't make a bed, but thanks to this chair's ingenious construction -- aided by elite instruction book schematics (see photo 5) -- assembly happens fast and easy (the lone tool needed is included).
However, assembly was a nuisance.
Used for computer work and TV watching
The support construction under the chair is less than halfway along the seat itself.
Nice inexpensive chair.
Overall, I'd definitely recommend this chair.
It happens.
So other than that I love it.
There is nothing to keep it on.
Not the best in comfortability but ok for the price
This desk meets her needs perfectly and is just the right size.
It's the perfect height for me and easy to move up and down.
I bought this chair for my husband who is self employed.
It rolls decently on my caret protector.
Just be sure to read the instructions...don't be like me.
The cushions are very, very firm.
Feels very strong and supportive.
My kids use them for their online schooling and I use then for my computer's.
Now we gotta figure it out on our own.
Look great and make the perfect nightstand for a low profile platform bed.
I'll buy this again!
I got the red (daring for me) and it is great.
The arm wrestling location is good, could be a little wider.
Easy to put together and looks nice assembled...the baskets are terrible quality and I plan to replace them ASAP.
My only complaint is the poor quality of the legs.
Chair is extremely comfortable to sit in , the wheels were a bit hard to wheel around but i bought an inexpensive replacement set and all is good to go.
Use a black Sharpie to hide scratches.
This is a very inexpensive, very small, computer desk for your house and works great in a child's room or a room that doesn't have a lot of room.
after receiving my second desk since the 1st one had half the hardware missing, I got this puppy together and it looks decent however the skin easily scratches and the brace that holds the 2 sides together is very flimsy so don't lean on it too hard or you will end up like a WWE wrestler in a tables match
It's spacious enought to handle 2 monitors, a laptop, keyboard, mousepad and still have writing space.
The only nit I have is that it seems marginally under powered to lift the desk with the LG monitor and laptop that I have sitting on the desk.
The chair was great up until the back snapped off of it.
For the price it is a very comfortable chair
And it fulfills its promise: it's rock solid and silent!
Easy to put together and look more expensive than they are.
I only had the chair for 2 months.
I will be ordering another chair for my son's room, he absolutely loved it also.
The only thing I had trouble with is when putting the second top piece on some of the holes did not line up correctly This is the last major part.
It also looks like someone noticed the scratches before they sent them and colored the scratches in with permanent marker, thinking I wouldn't notice; well, I did.
Has room for everything I need, and I didn't have to spend a ton of money.
I don’t want to return it because of the good reviews, but I can’t use it.
Plus, I chose an option to get a slightly damaged desk for 20 dollars cheaper, and I couldn't find where it was damaged, so that's a win.
As she yelled in laughter, I fell back and my bros in Fortnite were helpless while I struggled to get up.
This chair is wonderful!
This chair was falsely advertised as a big chair fitting people up to 250 lbs.
Don't like arms on my chairs so I did not install them.
Overall the bookshelf is sturdy.
It measures 37.5" tall after assembly.
This chair would be more appropriate for someone that doesn’t sit for extended periods.
The instruction were not clear.
But I'm a big guy at 6 foot 4 inches so your mileage may vary.
I use the arms a lot to lift and reposition myself so I'm sure that has a lot to do with it.
after my long time computer chair bit the bucket I went through 3 or 4 other terrible chairs before getting this one.
Great buy to get teens and adolescents used to having a workstation.
But as far as comfort goes, its awesome.
We moved homes and needed a couch desperately and this one has been great.
Comfortable enough!
Highest one I found in reviewing similar products.
I even had to move the desk to change the placement of the desk, and was still light enough with everything to pick it up and move it without help(i only slid out one side, as i did not need to move the whole desk).
This also makes it extremely comfortable to prop your feet upon.
Super comfy cushions.
I purchased the table only, I bought different chairs, arrived on time  with no damage, great price looks nice
Very nice loveseat!
I can already see where some stitching is failing because it's getting caught on the tray.
very useful and love the electric and USB plugs
Hoping it will go away soon.
I love this product small damage that happened during shipping but I’m not complaining about it overall this is great for the money I paid
Just recently, the company the desk was purchased from sent an email verifying satisfaction and offered to rectify any issues I may have had.
It’s a really good value.
I had some doubts about the mesh back, as that was a fashion statement in the late 80’s and I wasn’t sure the chair could “rock” it.
I'll add a picture for reference if you're worried about length if you're planning on doing a similar setup.
The design of this couch is fantastic and looks wonderful in my room!
My 13 year old son put this together himself.
I told myself I'd give this chair at least six months of use before reviewing, and it's been seven.
Wonderful mattress bad couch!
Hope they send me a replacement.
However my partner who is 5”11’ doesn’t fit across when lying down so he’s not too happy about it.
The mini-fridge weighs approximately 40 lbs and this end table has no issue supporting it that I can observe.
This is a great little table.
Claimed that it was a standard size, but it in fact was NOT--jerk).
I loved the color and the sturdiness.
I got so much more for my money than I expected.
It looks black and doesn't match.
As many customers have mentioned the rubber tubing around the mesh comes undone.
This chair looks and sits great!
It's a type of cardboard they use and it's terrible.
Nice color.
Now for reference I'm only 330lbs so will under the 400 lb weight limit, and just put the chair to regular use.
Easy to assemble,  wide enough to sit in.
It is perfect for compact spaces and so comfortable!
I like how it was very easy to assemble!
For small places it is perfect.
Need box to Return asap
I want to focus on the assembly here because I feel like prospective buyers need a heads up.
This chair looks more expensive than it is.
I work from home and am also an avid gamer.
the table was very nice once completed, however it had thousands of parts and a novel for directions.
Additionally, there's a lot of them.
Lived up to expectations.
First and foremost, the center piece of the loveseat is NOT missing, it is beneath, tucked up under the loveseat.
I am not mechanical and got it together in little under an hour.
Hides all the clutter of charging cords!
Comfortable and perfect for my in home office needs.
If there are changes to my review I will post later.
I wouldn't recommend buying it.
Those either should not be there at all or at least be plugged up.
My favorite part is the shelves, that was a really nice touch - perfect sizes for my router, modem, and printer.
The legs have double ended screws already in place, all you have to do is screw them in.
Easy to put together.
I am trying my luck elsewhere because the wobbling bothers me a lot.
The product was easy to assemble and very sturdy.
There's also little white stickers to cover the screws but I like that industrial look.
Not enough cushion on the bottom.
Very Nice end table.
My wife put these together in very short order, they are sturdy and can be used for multiple scenarious.
I'm pretty happy with this purchase.
after 3 months of use the arm is falling off and the gas piston has failed.
The changing table pad is "thin" as other reviewers have stated, but no thinner than a pack n play mattress and not thin enough where you'd have to worry about baby bonking his head or being uncomfortable.
I do wish the back of the chair could lean back though... my ceiling feels neglected if I don’t give it a hard stare every so often.
Super easy to put together, ample amount of work space, and pleasing to the eye.
It was easy to set up the headrest, the height and the tilt of the chair (I recommend a little recline for comfort).
The seats do go up and down vertically but the back is fixed.
An extremely low quality cheap futon.
It's not expensive, but you get what you pay for.
I would be willing to purchase from them again after this interaction.
I rarely leave reviews and made sure I left one for this.
The things that bothered me is there aren't any predrilled holes for the add-ons like the ergonomic keyboard or the gaming package (cupholder, headset holder), and be prepared to get some bad bolts and extra unnecessary parts along with not being a flush alignment on the desktop.
The chair is comfortable, but small.
The hardware are also of inferior quality.
The lightweight construction makes moving from machine to ironing board or cutting table more easy than a standard rolling chair that i had preciously used for that purpose.
I've been eyeing this desk for a while now.
Would not recommend this purchase with this understanding.
Pretty cheap feeling honestly, doesn’t feel comfortable, those arm rests are crap
However, this chair caught my eye, and extremely glad I purchased it!
We needed a replacement chair for our computer desk & this chair filled the bill.
It is easy to tell this because the slats have felt glued to their underside where they make contact with the metal rails.
If I needed to, I could add knobs or finials or children's wooden blocks underneath the legs - if I wanted to.
Yet, worst part is yet to come.
It's fairly small and you have to manually screw in the plastic pieces.
It is comfy with the ability to lean way back to take pressure off my low back.
Bottom was light, i'm not sure how much weight it will hold, but does fine holding my xmas and b-day pressents :)
It is solid and very attractive.
This was super easy to put together, I did by myself without any problem!
Excellent product 👍
Unfortunately I needed it then for guests and couldn't return it.
It is better but not very comfortable compared to my other office chairs.
I purchased this chair for my 12 years olds birthday.
Exactly what I needed in my tiny office
This is a great little futon and very modern and sleek.
I love that it has a little compartment in the back where I can plug in my phone cord to the USB port to charge my phone, or plug in a lamp if needed and the cord is hidden.
The hardware is simple and it comes with an assembly tool that works very well.
I appreciate that kind of customer service and would buy from them again.
You wouldn't even think they are trying to imitate leather.
You need to be at least 6ft or taller to be grounded.
Didn’t realize the legs were metal.
Been using it for two weeks, it has given me back pain.
No big deal.
I had a desk but it was a small kids desk and not sufficient for an office desk.
If you're 6'7" you'll enjoy the higher settings.
Don’t buy this crap.
I was able to test it without the legs and the cushions were firm but not super hard and stiff, the color was a nice jean navy color.
The only issue - and it's a big one - is that it wobbles on carpet.
The chair is very cheaply made, if you're looking for a chair that will last long - look elsewhere.
I'm pretty good at assembling most things and got this chair up and running in about an hour but not without a bit of difficulty in understanding the pictorial directions.
+The top looks amazing and feels good too -Only complaint I have is that it can wiggle a little from left to right and it squeaks pretty loudly when it does.
Highly recommend this product.
I do not recommend this chair!
This couch is nice.
Also one of the fasteners in bedded into the desk the frame screws into broke with very little tightening and just fell out so now that part of the desk is not secure to the frame.
It get hard and uncomfortable relatively quickly.
I would reccomend this chair to someone looking for a decent chair with a decent price point.
Super bummed.
I'm returning the product because the screws have stripped the grain holes.
Owned this for over 1.5 months and have had no issues.
Got it for a side table.
Might be a good investment to have someone put it together for you if you don't mind paying for it.
Its very sturdy and the screws holding it together aren't the wimpy ones.
This is a really nice desk.
I bought the Queen size frame and for my surprise it can be extended to a King Size.
To small for a bedroom side table.
Instant headache.
Great product!
Honestly this chair has everything going for it except 2 major things.
You could sit and visit a neighbor on it.
You can store something on top or the bottom and there is plenty of room to set down a drink, computer or whatever you'd use it for!
My friend who is a carpenter also said it wouldn't fit together.
Love the charging station.
Very easy to assemble, I set up the items in less than 10 mins.
Lowest height perfect for that, but also good for sitting at computer desk.
It was also fairly easily to assemble.
We started assembling it that afternoon.
Absolute garbage.
The bad is the packaging.
Works well for my needs.
Next thing I know the correct chair is being delivered around 1pm that same day.
There were some holes that we had to drill in ourselves.
It was easy to assemble and looks decent, but based on how uncomfortable it is to sit on, I would not recommend this product.
UPDATE:  It has been three days and I have not heard back from the company.
Wipes off like a dream... usually anyway.
It's a bit firm but seems well made and I find myself sitting on it quite a bit
I had been using a table that was too low so my back would fatigue.
and it's pretty sturdy and super easy to assemble.
Worse, when you sit on the sofa-end of the reversible chaise cushion, the other half of the cushion STICKS UP IN THE AIR, like a teeter-totter.
I read 1 review that it was wasn't a huge chair taking up to much room.
we noticed that one of the arm rest gets loose.
Very small of course but fits my dual monitor for work just fine.
Unfotunely, it was in a place that needed to fit perfectly with another piece, and the metal was too strong to try to fix myself.
5 - star on service and addressing issues.
Brought Zinus' complete lack of customer service to Amazon's attention and they issued me a full refund without having to ship it back.
I am betting the foam in the seat will lose an inch over time as it flattens with use.
These are nice little tables for the money.
For what this table is and how much it costs, it's genuinely fantastic.
Cheap, sturdy, nice finishing and fast delivery time.
It came quick.
The dowels used to hold them in position together didn't help.
I wish it was higher up so you could put your knees under the table.
The video helps a lot.
Was always way too hard to push.
Bought some baskets for underneath and now have the perfect place to store items as well.
Screws got loose and chair broke.
The assembly is straight forward and easy.
The massage works but isn’t that good and the back is pretty hard.
it's a product with good view but it has fragile parts like the back cover, besides I return that product and I have not seen the resounding, do not know what you will do with my money?
Lastly Assembly design is horrible, I own a lot of Ikea furniture due to my wife's love for those dang Swedish meatballs.
- Simple assembly.
Would recommend for anyone who needs more counter space and extra storage.
Look and color I would buy a couple more,  need 2 more
I can't sit in this chair for extended periods of time.
Looks great!
Will recommend friends to buy next time.
This greatly disappoints me, as I have been looking a long time for a nightstand with a drawer, a cupboard, and a shelf, and thought I had finally found it.
This product is so well thought out, even the packaging is well done.
I’ve been needing a new office chair because the one I currently have was giving me a lot of back pain and I found myself slouching a lot.
The surface appears lightly grainy but I am able to write on it fine and use the mouse without a pad.
One size set was missing one and another size set had an extra screw.
The one half isn't level with the second half, and it's not a piece of furniture that would hold up well with being moved as a whole unit.
Assembly was easy.
-The padding feels great, I don't feel like I'm sinking into it too much and it is soft enough so that my back doesn't get sore from long sessions.
Hard to put together
When you get up pressing down on the arm rests they feel like they’re going to snap.
Anything else would be better than this thing.
It's perfect!
Easy to assemble and fast shipping.
Great design and it looks nice in my space.
Love love love this desk.
Was skeptical because of price point, but so far so good.
Aside from that I like the idea of how it goes back and everything, They just need to add another lever to adjust for the seat angle.
It's also as Workstation for my son when he needs to  do his project.
After a couple of weeks, this chair is breaking me!
There is no way to adjust the plastic piece or the tightness of the mesh to help with this problem.
I purchased my old chair twice when the first one broke, but I won't be doing that again with this one.
Very easy to assemble.
This item was delivered quickly, in perfect condition, and looks beautiful in our kitchen.
Was really happy the packaging was solid and I could have gotten it up the two flights of stairs myself since it was solid.
Sturdy and beautiful wood texture
This chair is really comfortable as I sit in my room for hours at my desk doing homework.
The back is well padded and provides enough support to allow me to work for hours.
In fact, I am going to order the loveseat to match.
Nice color, sturdy build, overall nice quality and value for money.
DAMN this is a good chair for the money.
This is probably the best desk you can buy at this price.
You will probably need 2 to move it.
For the price it’s perfect and high style.
Instructions were kind of straight to the point aside from not explaining the wheels had corresponding holes.
Easy to put together and such good quality.
I was a little scared getting a couch in a box, but the reviews were good.
Sitting all day is terrible for the body, but I shouldn't have to tell you that.
It was easy to assemble, and feels sturdy.
I have to cross my legs because the butt support does not touch the back of my knees.
But no matter what I tried to do for it to work, the right arm rest just won’t fit right.
This chair is ok to sit in but definitely NOT FOR WORKING AT YOUR DESK!!!
Very easy to assemble.
Use a coaster if you plan on placing a drink or food on it though.
I don't think they will hold much weight but he has a lamp on each one one top & books below and they seem to be just fine.
Great product.
Please be aware that arms are not removable -they are part of the assembly of the seat back.
Assembly was great with little hiccups.
I assembled this by myself, but you could save 10 or 15 minutes off your assembly time if you had a 2nd person holding the back while you align the screw holes.
Good for a first time apartment , looks nice and super sturdy !
Looks bigger in pic.
This is the dream workbench I've always wanted.
But recently one of the bits you actually screw the screws into just snapped off making the whole back have no support whatsoever.
Fits 3 27" monitors with no issue.
However, the materials are cheap and you can tell.
It wobbles an incredible amount...
Initial Review The manufacturing on this desk was messed up.
Table is fantastic and a great size for my kitchen but the chairs were difficult to put together and did feel sturdy whatsoever
It seems more like a $40-60 item.
I’m not handy but was super easy.
This will not happen if you do 3 things.
Pretty sturdy.
No tools required at all.
It's great small spaces and semi comfortable I guess if you don't have a lot to spend it's a good option I definitely won't be buying again though
It looks better then ever !
Update: after 6 months it's holding up well.
It’s a great chair - very comfortable and looks super nice.
Amazing couch, I love it so far for my small NYC studio.
Its pretty much a cheap chair, if you need a cheap chair go for it I don't expect it last long.
I had to put a lumbar pillow on the back.
The L-desk's tops are a bit thinner in comparison to the standard desks, as well as the metal frame itself.
I love the breathable material as we all hate the sticky back fiasco.
Furthermore, the color is terrible - it is faded and gray/dusty in hue, more so than any pictures show.
On one of them, I have a small refrigerator sitting on it and it is solid.
Needed this in a pinch due to working at home during COVID restrictions.
The price and overall quality is pretty good.
Quality: surprisingly good considering I got the cheapest, decent looking one I could get.
But once that part got connected, everything was fine.
But it's definitely a bit cheaply made.
I work from home and 100% computer work, this chair saved my back
Super inexpensive ($44), arrived quickly in a not too heavy box.
Parts arrived broken.
One note is the six long braces are all identical it just depends on which way you spin them according to whether it is top rear, top front or rear bottom brace.
Great starter desk for my son to play his games
The size and style are great for what we wanted.
Don't expect to sit on it or put something extremely heavy on it though, you'll need to pay more to get that level of sturdiness.
Definitely recommend this chair (and bought one for a friend too)
This is an excellent, sturdy, dark wood table.
Only thing that could be improved: the magazine bag should have sides.
$105 is an excellent price for this desk... $70 is an unbelievably good deal.
Very good quality, heavy and loved how it looked.
I had previously bought a different brand and it was so hard to put together and when we finally got together it was defective so I was relieved when we receive this one and it was super easy to put together it says to use a rubber mallet but my 14 year old son did it himself no  problem.
I've seen a lot of positive reviews...but I guess I got a dud.
This product was easy to put together, looks pretty good, and seems sturdy, but be careful... Read the size specifications, as I clearly did not.
The material is plush.
Keep shopping.
Waiting for part to be replaced...
So easy to assemble as well.
If there are any issues with this bed frame, I will update my review.
This chair is super comfy.
We bought 2 sets of these for our game room, and have them side by side against the wall under the mounted TV.
Cheap pressed wood.
I bought this item on November 15th, and reviewing it 11.25.19 When the chair had came, it had some dark blemishes ruining a bit of the white.
When I received it, it was scratched.
Other than that it’s a good little table for the price.
so adorable with a mat surface，elegant color goes well with my home decoration，it is right the table i want，highly recommend！
I am not mechanically inclined so I opted for professional installation.
Perfect for our kitchen.
I needed a desk for my daughter to use for remote learning and school starts next week, otherwise I would return this item.
It was cheap, though, and it’s held up even with patients throwing stuff against it.
Smaller than anticipated and feels cheap and rickety.
I wanted to return it but the store I can return it to is closed because of COVID19.
It makes the monitor shake slightly.
I am very happy with the product and the comfort of the chair.
I will be keeping the product and just sewing up the hole but I didn't really expect to have a hole in a new mattress.
I have been beyond impressed with the quality of this cute table!
Unfortunately, less than six months after getting it, one of the arm rests broke (bolt anchors pulled out) and the other breaking.
Seems pretty sturdy so far.
I was amazed when I pulled these adorable tables out of the box they were shipped in: the legs already had a screw attached, and all I had to do was screw them into the table.
Wish that he could feel it now!
I think it's quite comfortable and have napped on it a few times.
Unit is heavy the first one I received was damaged in shipping
This was by far the most frustrating piece of furniture I have ever assembled in my life.
The cost was under $100 yet the quality is surprisingly good!
I saw the same thing on Wayfair at a slightly higher price.
The included bolts for attaching the leg brace are M8x1.25.
I use it for work and gaming.
The cam screws bent when putting it together.
Can’t believe how sturdy it is.
I also liked the fact that each of the parts are numbered, though removing the stickers was kind of a pain.
Easy to assemble and is very sturdy.
Note: both of my monitors are 23.8".
I love that it is completely open underneath, so you have a lot of options for how to set things up using storage etc.
I had no issues and didn’t have to redo anything (not always the case when I’m assembling something!)
It is very sturdy and my son loves it for his gaming PC.
So well my sister-in-law got her husband one for Christmas
The quality of this chair is very good and it makes me not feel tired during work time.
I hope the price stays reasonable so families on a budget like us can  continue to enjoy the brand.
For the price, that's pretty much all I expected.
The locking mechanism does not lock.
It might be a problem during the hotter months which make up 80% of the year where I live.
Its very sturdy and well made and it couldn't be easier to put together.
Without this missing piece my desk has only 3 legs.
Not damp but dry.
Hope I won't have to come back in a year with a negative update.
We needed another stool so we ordered 1 more off here.
Good couch for the price.
There is plenty of storage on the large adjustable shelves underneath for books and supplies.
Who is to say it wouldn't come back again broken?
It came with a crack in laminate and a dent on top- but to replace not worth it.
So comfortable and durable!
I needed enough space for two monitors and still have space to organize papers.
Totally recommend!
It's a good buy for the money; not too big, not too small.
Best decision i have ever made.
Whether this was due to a problem in manufacturing or assembly is difficult to say.
It looks amazing but it’s wayyyy too small.
All in all if you get a chair that works then awesome it would probably be worth the money.
And for over $200, it better not for at least a couple years.
One thing I will say is the chaise s not as long as I would like but works fine I use it all the time and its fine.
It's priced for what you get really, but I just won't get another one.
All tools provided.
Also assembling it is slightly difficult.
It was easy to put together.
After doing some research and reading reviews of various table models, I opted for this one, and I am so glad that I did!
So far so good.
100% as advertised.
There is NO assembly.
Oh, and it is only "reversible" if you're lucky enough to get one that doesn't have any scratches or defects on the shelf surface.
The desk isn't very sturdy but it wasn't a deal breaker.
It is comfortable.
Build time approx 6 hours.
super easy to put together, but are extremely sturdy.
Since I bought this for my grandson and know that he is happy with the chair.
Too small but i will keep them!!
I will state that the foot rest doesn't go out for your feet unless you're very short... but it does make a good one if you like to sit cross legged or anything.
Perfect height.
I bought this for my mini Fridge.
Sturdiness is maybe a 3-4 start but I have it on carpet so it’s a little wobbly,  but not bad!
Assembly took less than 15 minutes and the instructions were easy to follow.
Looks great!
The solution is not locktite and super strength!
I ordered a desk mounted cable manager from Ikea (was already ordered kallax accessories) to hold all the power bricks for the things on the desk.
And it such tight quarters that you have northern choice but to use the tiny Allen wrench provided as opposed to a quicker more efficient ratchet.
So of course I have to go through the hassle of returning the item and trying to get the one I ordered originally.
Thickness of table is 1.75", so you will want to account for that.
That said, it does make my back hurt a little less than the previous chair.
Has an amazing look about it.
I had another picked out that was almost $300 but went with this.
There was one bolt that did not screw in properly, but fortunately, the chair came with one spare of each size, and I used that spare successfully.
We love Itami it fits in our perfect spot we had planned for  it.
Comfy mesh back supports me even at my worst posture, and the padded bottom has yet to feel "worn down."
One tip when screwing the counter top, do not tighten the screws all the way, because the rest of the holes will be misaligned.
I purposely got a chair without arm rests so that i could scooch it up against my desk easily.
This chair may be affordable but it isn't worth the money.
Seat plate is not standard size and is smaller than a standard replacement plate.
I did, so will drop a book or magazine on it to cover the mess the label made.
These, for the price, are great little end tables.
I waited a while to review just to make sure it could handle repeated use and tilting and no problems have come up so far.
I don't see why this chair gets so many high ratings.
Easy to clean and even easier to build.
Beats them all....Got it all together and there were no holes for most of it....
The top is disconnected from the legs so it totally defeated the purpose of my fiancee having a convenient table space to work on and then fold up and put away.
I hate how I have to hold myself forward just to keep from the chair leaning back.
It is very firm which I don’t mind, but may bother some people.
Both were more comfortable than this chair.
Very nice chair!
We bought two and installed them together as an L-shaped desk.
When I entered search terms I was looking for a "counter height table."
This sofa matched my love seat pretty close in color.
A lot of available surface area for my PC rig, monitor, and display tablet, with some room to spare.
While this isn't a negative, it can provide a challenge for a secure fit with some clamp style devices such as monitor arms.
UPDATED REVIEW: Duramont customer service has given me the option of a replacement base, or a full refund.
When I opened the package I was disappointed to see that whoever applied the black over brown stain/paint around the tabletop edges did it in a VERY UNSKILLED manner.
For the price I can't complain.
I understand it needs couple of days for the air to fluff the pillows as they were vacuum sealed but its still comfortable.
Bought this for my grandson who  needed a work space.
My engineer husband loved the way it arrived in the box and the clever use of storage space.
Instructions were very easy to follow and works perfect for desk I’m using it at.
Thank you Coronavirus for making me work at home.
=)  Yes, they aren't heirloom pieces of furniture or very sturdy, but they really do look nice enough that even my husband  was impressed with them.
The cushions are attached and are a bit stiff.
Hanging folders keep falling off the bars.
Really easy to put together.
great, sturdy desk for the price
The seat cushion is enough and has been comfortable.
The top and shelves are durable and look pretty great.
Overall, hard to find comfort for hours in my build, this does better than average.
I finally just put the desk in the garbage not worth the time or the money for this desk
Assembly wise, it was a bit of a hassle - took me around 1.5 - 2 hours to complete by myself.
it sits right next to me in my room next to my computer.
The connector was already broke.
However one of the bars came warped, so I couldn’t secure all screws.
So pretty peeved about it, but what doesn’t now a days?
Although, when it did come in it was super easy to set up and looks great.
It Is a very comfortable chair.Ilove the mat most.
I have trouble with my legs hurting really bad when I sit for long periods of time, but the seat is wide/long and well cushioned on this chair so it offers good support where I need it.
Highly recommended.
When it arrived I was overwhelmed by the size it sat there in the hall.
This was easy to put together and amazing...  if only it came with all of the screws.
It has a weight limit on the information before.
Everything else was easy to assemble and only took me about 25 min, highly recommend for anyone who is hesitant on this, the metal frame with the wood top is very nice, the total thickness of the top is 6 cm is anyone is wondering, I was curious myself since I do YouTube and wanted to get a desk clamp for my microphone and didn’t know the thickness, so anyone else who wants to know, there you go
So easy for her to use and sturdy.
We are actually using the chairs as a kitchen table chairs rather than a desk chair so I ordered several.
- The arm rests aren't adjustable.
Update:  great customer service!
The noise is extremely irritating.
If I could give this negative stars I would.
This might be a great bed frame..... but buyer beware!
After i got used to it i removed the two leg stabilizers on the legs and it dropped an inch and a half off so now sits lower than my old desk.
First off theres a tear in the leather it looks like somebody slashed it at the very top of the seat above the headrest second off I put the seat together and took it apart then put it back together because the back is crooked compared to the rest of the chair all in all wasted 2 hours of my time and the chair is still crooked.
Look very modern, and are so comfortable.
If you want beautiful, clear glass... this is not the table for you.
Very disappointed in this product.
My old chair the back was broken, took me no time in finding a replacement!
For the price, this is the perfect desk for me, and I was able to assemble it myself (though flipping it up was a tad challenging after assembly, mostly because I had a tight space, and the desk weighs 70~ pounds, so if you don't think you can do that yourself, make sure to grab someone to assist you.
It was very easy and quick to build the chair -- there are not that many parts thankfully, just come screws.
The table was so well packed that none of the damage to the box caused any damage to the table.
It is unfortunate that I will not be able to use it)
Top of the table came with a few scratches but you get what you pay for.
HOWEVER, I find it very curious that my first review has disappeared.
Works fine as a sewing chair and adds a splash of color but all together it isn’t a comfortable chair and I wouldn’t bother to purchase again.
total of 15 screws with clear instructions.
Luv this product.
The chair has almost no lumbar support and I feel like I am slipping out of the chair when I sit for more than a few minutes.
I would say if you like this style of chair, the next real upgrades are real grain leather and Napa leather options.
It's light enough to lift & carry too!
I ordered a lumbar support pillow that has really helped.
My boys are really happy with their new desks!
It took me literally 30-45 mins to assemble alone.
A competitor with a more expensive chair makes a point of using high density foam.
They told me that my shipment was "no longer showing movement" (whatever that means.. someone lost an entire couch??)
The assembly was clear and straightforward.
Great, comfortable chair
Great table 👌
These are pretty decent for the price.
The chair arrived in one box and assembly took about 15 minutes.
I ordered 2.
I'm writing this now because it is beginning to come apart and honestly I'm not feeling too safe in the chair anymore—granted its been two years, which was about how long I was expecting it to last, but I was hoping for more based on all the positive reviews.
Very easy and looks better then pics
Great for doing my homework.
Easy to adjust height and nice backing on the chair.
It stopped working the next day.
Easy to put together, looks great!
Was everything we were hoping for.
wouldd not fit together, said to use rubber mallet to coneck legs And then they bend , they are plastic, and still could not get together.
COVID-19 has brought many challenges and with the majority of us working from home I needed a desk quick and came across this one .
Quick delivery and set up for the chair... not super heavy duty but comfy and my husband says the lumbar and neck support are better than he expected.
Easy to assemble!
Also, everything lined up rather nicely so no delays with that.
Smaller scale, so if you're a super big person (we are not) this might not be the sofa for you.
Money down the drain 💔
Put it  together this morning.
I would not recommend this chair to anyone.
That's what happened to me, as I used this chair as my daily work chair while working at home during the covid epidemic.
sofa came incomplete
Super easy to set various heights to the preset buttons, then double tap to go to the preset height.
It looks very good and fits in my studio exactly how I need it to.
It's a little expensive, but once it's used, it's worth it.
Really comfortable which is its prime purpose.
Plastic, the paper finish peels away to show ugly particle board in no time.
It doesn't go up as high as I would like.
At over $200.
Since I don't have a dedicated home office, the dining room became my work space.
The process of building it was horrible.
Lever to lower/raise chair should be on the right side while seated- Not clear on instructions and obviously many people miss this, based on other comments***
I kept hoping that they would contact me and say they sent the wrong chair.
Many that I have had would not and my knees would ache by the end of the day.
Might be careful if I was taller as I notice the curve in the back is perfect on my back -- I'm 5'7''.
I wish it were a little more roomy!
I bought 2 of these frames.
Seat is wide between the arm rests.
I am an average sized person and my legs pressed against the arm supports.
I should have just bought a cheap one at local office store.
Why they say its leather is disappointing I only bought this chair because they said it was leather.!!!
We thought we could still play it by ear, though.
Alright - I picked this chair up for 29.99(!)
Great side tables!
It took less than an hour to assemble.
For the price, I am very pleased with this desk.
easy assembly and looks great
It will not go up or down at all.
don't waste your time with this product.
Super easy to put together!
8 months after purchase, one of the wheels snapped off and several of the others' welds appear to be cracking.
The cair is a decent chair that as far as I know.
It's really attractive.
Had to clamp and glue and then glue fillet all the lower shelf and leg joints.
Also, it is very sturdy, good quality and great for working long hours if needed.
I've been looking for one for our game room, and this one was perfect.
The chair I received had a purple hue to it, which doesn't match in the space I'm in.
Chair feels great only reason it does not get 5 stars is because the back rest tilt would slip sometimes but this can be fixed by looking at the other side of where the back tilt lever goes in and taking off the little back cap and tightening it just in case anyone had this issue
I saw these on Amazon for a fraction of the price of other chairs and decided to take a chance.
Initially I was told it would be here between June 1st 2018 and June 5th 2018.
Building desk you could tell it was a bit flimsy  for the price but was overall satisfied with the look.
Top: The real wood top is beautiful and finished perfectly.
I paired it with two Orange color chairs and put couple orange pillows in the bay window.
chair keeps going up (rising) after we adjust it at a certain height.
Is it a good chair sure but is it worth the money maybe overall this chair had sum issues on the rollers it keeps making noises when I’m rolling the chair across the floor
Now I can sit in the seat all day if I'm in shorts.
I would give 3 star so far.
Would buy again
It is the quietest it has ever been, so it looks like I won't be getting a new chair after all.... yet...
They all should have been designed the same.
I purchased this chair to use in an office.
Pretty good quality no complaints
It fits perfectly.
Seemed to work well altho it was for a guest bed and I cannot comment on the feel of it.
The edges of the table is very obvious of laminate, and I hope it won't rip apart anytime soon.
I spent a solid 30 minutes trying to find someone to send a warranty claim request to and I'm STILL not sure.
(anyone who works with real wood knows this smell) However, the smell dissipated quickly.
I bought this chair because of the good reviews and I liked the look/features for the price.
The whole experience was odd and now I'm more upset then I was in the beginning.
My favorite chair so far!
I was looked up too many desk but high price, with this desk very good price, good material!!!
I will also say that this chair requires at least two people for assembly.
Assembly was easy for me and I'm not particularly adept at such things.
Speaking of getting it setup it's not difficult once you figure out what the instructions are actually telling you.
I still don't feel confident with the leg weight on the foot rest.
It was pretty easy to assemble, just by myself it took me about a half hour.
It is low to the ground, keep that in mind.
UPDATE: returned and went to ikea
There were some slight flaws, like little dents and rough spots, but nothing major.
I call it my starter couch.
I looked at several other retailers for a similar table and they were twice the price of this one.
Also the big black cord hanging down from the middle of the unit is unattractive and will need to be tacked up behind a leg and covered with a white cord sleeve.
I'm sure the average handy person could put it together and save on cost.
Quality is great for the price.
I really like this chair.
This desk was super easy to put together.
Now let's see if it lasts.
Great desk!!
I Can stand on it (I weight 240 LBS).
It can be removed.
It was a little cumbersome to put together.
Awesome product for the Price would recommend it
The tools you need are included.
I had this chair for a little over a year in my home office, it sees maybe a couple hours a day of use, but it's already past its prime.
It is a  truly functional design.
It came together well and I like that it had that 'professional' finish that looks like I bought it that way.
If you’re scouring Amazon and reading tons of reviews for something like this- stop it, add to cart and ship this to your home- you won’t regret it and your guest will thank you (I speak from experience, all of our guests have mentioned it and even asked for the product info for their own homes).
After researching ~100 different chairs @ prices $100---$1600, I did ok.
I could have gone through the trouble of returning it, but I had already taken everything out of the huge, long box it came in and the existing damage is purely cosmetic.
I recommend.
It's pretty comfy and great for the price.
Far superior and much more desk than previous desk.
The set is big enough but it doesn't take a lot of room which is perfect in a small apartment.
Easy to assemble, althought the legs are a bit confusing.
I highly recommend.
This desk is awesome!
I definitely recommend this chair!
Baskets are sturdy.
You will not be disappointed.
The faux leather is not great quality.
Like elementary school easy!!
Very helpful whereas, my back will gently press against it.
It was incredibly easy to put together.
Overall, it lasted 6 months.
Very uncomfortable for more than a few minutes of sitting.
I assembled it carefully and according to instructions (didn't even use a drill - just by hand, and I'm not a strong man).
The sides are just thin panels that slide in, not an actual wooden side panel.
Sure they may be a slight foam cushion, and possibly a spring or two holding it together, but it is not what you would expect from a spring cushion.
This is a great little side piece especially when you live in a tight space like we do.
The slats have velcro on them that attaches to the interior side bar of the frame to make sure they don't slide around (there is a slight bit of this happening with our slats on our Ikea frame).
Overall I am happy with the table and stools for the price.
bought directly from amazon.
You can easily scratch it in tight places of screwing.
Material looks and feels great.
Overall it has very solid construction, nice tolerances, smooth operating drawers and a great fit and finish.
Above it is the nook for holding portable devices such as IPods, phones, etc.
Screw them in too far and the camlock can't grab it and I believe you could screw them in forever.
However, be aware that the wheels don't lock.
My work bought this for me and it's a pretty decent little desk.
I tried many chairs and have been using Amazon basic chair which has served me very well, but even with that I started to feel pain with more hours I put in sitting.
Overall, not bad for the price.
You won't regret it.
It's a shame, because I had the previous incarnation of this chair for 3 years and it was flawless--the perfect desk chair.
One thing that definitely needs to be pointed out, the back rest.
The instructions even mentioned neatly on how much the screws are to be fitted , so that the assembly will be as easy as having a pie .
I love the chaise.
Ideal for next to recliner
It goes absolutely perfectly in my studio apartment and is gorgeous.
Perfect office chair easy to build 20 mins building time, no tools needed hex wrench came with the chair, easy instruction to build it.
My only complaint is that the stain comes off way too easily.
My husband is 6'2" and I am 5'2" it fits both our body frames...not too many chairs are comfortable for such different body sizes.
This piece of furniture is awful, we joked that it was better than sitting on concrete.
Some of the classic look like it was burned which is weird.
It's sturdy enough, my cats jump on it all the time.
So I'm stuck with a damaged chair.
I wiped it down, left it outside a few days it still smells so bad.
And beware, it’s nearly impossible to get the complete set (dresser, and side tables) in the Ivory Lace color!
It only adjust the height of the chair now.
I know there's ways to spend $5000 these days on a chair made of exotic baby leather that's just so good for your posture, but if you can get simplicity and reliability for as low as $40 is it worth it?
Flimsy; the armrests are both easily bent down, the bars that connect the armrests to the chair are sloppy and continuously work their way loose, the wheels appear to be separating ( I'm only 250lb ) and worst of all the chair leans forward causing back/tailbone pain.
While the chair is not as high as I would like; it is fairly easy to assemble and comfortable.
Bought two without having much chance to try them first - and would buy them again if i knew.
I use my lap top here.
The table top is nice, it's like a laminate image of marble squares.
I bought this desk to hold a desktop computer and a 27" monitor.
For the price, you can't expect too much, but this will surprise you as to how nice it really is.
It's lightweight and easy to move.
I always feel as though the seat is pitching me forward.
I could not be more pleased.
Material is good and it s comfortable.
Great desk for the price
I'd say is fair quality for the money you paid.. Easy to install for me, I didn't even need the instruction sheet
He thinks the back is too hard and requested that we go to the store and buy "many pillows."
It's the perfect height for me.
Middle legs are annoying
The Pros: - Easy to assemble.
Really like it, except the crack that came with it.
Good size, not too big but much more space for papers and books which is what I needed.
This standing desk converter has saved me from a great deal of pain, which I end up having is I sit for more than 15 minutes.
Called Amazon warranty service and I have to send the whole chair back for a warranty replacement.
I'm sure over time the armrests will wear, then I'll buy another one
Las tima que me aya llegado que brada  justo donde se istala la  pata de la mesa.
I would say Assembly time is roughly ~10minutes.
We started the assembly and the instructions are poorly written but we made it through only to find out it was missing a piece and that prevents us from assembling a drawer so now we have a whole drawer missing from the desk.
That was a little upsetting.
Absolutely gorgeous table!
What a deal!
Definitely not as sturdy as I thought it was going to be for the price point.
Pretty simple to put together but after assembling it, I realized it was not what I envisioned but definitely what it showed on the picture.
The table doesn't require baskets, it looks good without baskets.
I attempted to adjust the headrest and it broke.
The chair is more comfortable than I expected, though I think I don't like the lumbar support pillow thus far (i'm sure an issue of personal preference) - it is of course removable, so this won't be an issue.
Easy to assemble, make sure you have everything the right way.
As others have noted, the price really couldn't be beat.
The headboard was cracked all the way across, the front railing was splintered into many pieces.
But didn’t want to do that.
I’m very impressed with this product.
The tables are very attractive, and go with my furniture nicely.
Perfect desk / studio chair all around!
They look amazing for the price.
The color is great and so far no issues with the durability of the desk.
But you can’t even tell it is!
This one works great and is comfy.
I've since had it about a year or two, and the siding is coming off from daily (very light) wear.
This is so well made and height is really counter height.
Material feels very good.
A little bit heavy but manageable.
I'm planning to order a few more to replace all of our old conference room chairs.
I can't get the back to be upright, no matter how much I turn the front nob to adjust it.
Took less than four minutes to assemble both tables.
This web discription claims in supports 330 lbs.
Good support but a little light in the padding.
Oh, and I'm going to have to replace a slab of wood that was cracked where you attach the leg!
Tried to find a replacement in a couple of local and national hardware stores but the standard cam is not exactly the same size.
Love the table.
Im a bigger guy and this chair is not to be leaned back in at all.
I live in an apartment and wanted a dining table for a reasonable price.
I ordered this desk for my husband.
I dont think it is highly comfortable but good for sitting for working hours
I did not want the arm rests installed.
Amazon was awesome with the refund btw.
The sofa is firm, yet comfortable.
Easy to assemble.
The primary seat cushion is basically just a piece of cloth at this point; I feel like I'm sitting directly on the piece of wood/plastic that holds the seat up.
Instructions were easy to follow, no complicated tools required.
The benches can be pushed easily under the table, which is great for small spaces.
It’s very beautiful and steady otherwise.
Took only a few minutes to screw on the keyboard piece (4 screws) very sturdy!
Perfect for what i needed.
The quality of the tabletop is very good, it does not seem like particle board, more like perfectly sanded 3/4 plywood
I rated it 3 stars because the color is not what I ordered.
Looking at the photo you would think that it includes a storage section, but nope!
I use it about 4-5hr a day, 5 days a week.
I think this is a great buy for the money.
Construction: I am using this table as a desk which holds a laptop, a monitor, keyboard, and mouse.
This chair might be suitable if you're an average sized 5 year old.
Easy 2 assembly sturdy...worth it!!!
I just opened it up and look at the instructions.
Oh and the delivery people broke my doorbell with the box.
The pictures posted by the company make it seem like your couch would be swimming under this thing, which is simply not the case.
It is pretty heavy but they got it into my apartment finally!
Would recommend to first time couch buyers and people on a budget (such as myself.)
Beautiful design, easy to assemble and looks classy / Chique.
That's service!
Absolutely LOVE this desk!
It took us about half hour total to set it up and get it working.
Nice and heavy and it doesnt shake when I use my printer.
Don’t be fooled by this inexpensive coffee table.
I love the chair and its comfortable.
I'm really pleased with the desk and would absolutely recommend it.
The frame itself is the perfect height for the Amazon Basics 12" memory foam mattress and we love our new bed, but the assembly process really impressed me.
This chair is very well constructed making it very sturdy.
It needs a little assembling but easy.
Love the style of it, but the stain smells so bad we had to take it out of the house.
Again, in think this comes from the fact that either two fo the pieces came broken or it is just the nature of a cheap item.
The freaking pillow.
It fits perfectly in my room and I think would be indistinguishable from similar Ikea models.
I could have bought a better and less expensive assembled chair from an office store.
My wife uses this desk regularly and has had no complaints about it at all.
There were also some scratches on one of the legs.
However, if your more into the look of it and your on a budget then you can’t go wrong.
I am a big man!
The back is very comfortable.
I’m 5ft11” tall and the headrest is on my upper back.
The study desk is very nice.
My chair arrived yesterday and I'm very pleased with the purchase.
Also, 3 pieces had to get new drill holes because they didnt match up.
Will you fit in with the Twich streamers?
I bought these because they were the cheapest I could find and you get two, and am surprised at how much I like them.
The combination of whit and wooden color is perfect for fitting any rooms.
I order another replacement same damage on the third except the baby was being born so now we don’t know what to do.
Very easy to assemble too!
Son was a bit rough on it and a small piece broke - he gets into gaming a bit toooo much.
Happily surprised.
Her back does not fatigue as much as in the past.
It's perfect for the two of us.
My husband also uses a lumbar support pillow for his back, so again, the stiffness was a good thing.
I can place my monitor, mouse and keyboard on it and it all works perfectly.
I love the idea of this product but it arrived with all 4 corners dented.
The hardwood top is pretty.
Better quality than expected for the price.
Good product for the price.
I ordered two of these desks to be placed next to each other in my tiny office.
The slats are more than 3.5 inches apart!
Perfect for any small space.
I used it WFH and gaming for a year and a half using it nearly every day.
But even with that I love this piece.
Kinda firm but comfortable.
This may have simply been a accident on the sticker for the part labels, or it may be an error in the instructions manual.
Other than that it was easy to set up and looks nice.
Could be because of me building the desk but I don't know.
He loves his new desk and is very happy with it.
the only issue i've experienced is that you have to lift it from the bottom when moving it because the top tends to pop off, but if it really bothers you then a little wood glue is an easy fix.
It broke within 5 days.
Perfect for me, easy to assemble, pretty comfortable.
The back rest on this seems okay so far.
It was sturdy, the right height, easy to assemble.
Great product
Even with a foam cushion it causes discomfort Edited to say: I've tried memory foam, gel and latex cushions.
The cushions feel good, if you're tall this will be a bit short for you.
First time table arrived completely smashed with and the door falling off.
Would give 5 stars but had a small problem with missing part, which manufacturer corrected in a timely fashion.
It's a shame because I love the color.
It's a great table if you plan to use it for drawing, typing on your laptop.
Just normal sitting in an office
One of the plastic pipes/tubes came in damaged, which I wasn’t too happy about, and I had to glue two pieces together because they broke.
After 2 1/2 months of usage the chair now leans to the right very far, had to swap to a kitchen chair until a new chair arrives.
I HAVE ORDERED SEVERAL ASSEMBLY NEEDED PIECES OF FURNITURE AND "NONE" EVER NEEDED PARTS AND WERE IN "VERY POOR PANELS"  WITH "NO" HARDWARE.
The customer service rep contacted me and made sure that I would be given compensation for my troubles and I have been more than happy to report that they have done a great job.
I do feel that this chair fits me well and will be comfortable to sit in for a few hours a day.
I had to add some velcro stickers to two of the table legs to prevent wobbling, which I have  no issue with.
If you are over 6 ft, you would need a larger chair.
You can adjust everything to help you fee comfort .
Very happy with purchase, would definitely recommend.
I spoke the truth in my review and they tried to bribe me, then after I removed the review they refused to give anything, what scammers!
Maybe this will change one day and they can make softer colors.
Concerned it could break but so far so good
I’ve used this chair for a week now and it’s very comfortable and I like the adjustability of it.
This desk is great, sturdy, and attractive, and great for a home workstation or a gaming desk.
I was able to put it together alone in no time with very easy instructions.
As other reviewers point out, these are very small shelves.
Oh did I mention that it's comfortable.
It took longer than I expected to assemble it (one hour or so) because there are a couple of errors in the assembly instructions and the pre-drilled holes for the screws did not want to cooperate but I managed to figure it out.
Just simply didn't fit and looked droopy.
I am 6'7" and about 265 lbs.
The mesh cable management net underneath is not my favorite; it doesn't support cables as well as I had hoped.
Easy to assemble - true.
Freaking awesome
I had already assembled it.
Looks great.
Paid for the set with protection plan but can't complete that because i only recieved the chairs with no table i just moved and have no kitchen table already haven been waiting since the beginning of May 🤦🏾‍♀️
After 2 years i can barely stand to sit in this thing as the lumbar pillow has flattened out.
Looks good though.
Worse off is I am barely out of the return window.
It's simple, looks nice, and offers enough surface space for most uses.
Very happy with this purchase.
I will need to contact the seller.
I am a small person and it took me about 40 min to put it all together.
Very disappointing.
Fits well in my sis room and holds his computer.
We really like this crib!
This chair was super easy to assemble!
Got the twin bed.
Very solid and some thoughtful extras (pillows for support).
Overall, it is a great and professional that i would recommend anyone who is looking for a good chair that can work from home.
I loved the reclining feature and you can lock it anywhere in place, the foot rest was also nice, but I cannot keep something that feels like I'm sitting on concrete.
The fastening hardware worked okay, not a huge fan of those round metal pucks that hold these cheaper types of furniture together but the desk doesn't wobble or anything, it seems relatively sturdy.
It is easy to assemble and looks beautiful.
Well, since I'm here I guess you can imagine how that went.
To begin with, instead of your standard names for the screws such as screw A and screw B we have screw H159473 and screw H159434.
Very easy to assemble.however one of the corners of the table is chipped and one of the chairs is slightly damaged.
Going to buy another set!
Chair padding too thin, so I had to put a cushion on top.
Everything goes together very nicely.
Lemme start by saying, my S.O.
But for everyday use, there seems to be much better options for around the same price.
I tried to troubleshoot, but even with the adjustments it wouldn't raise.
It more or less rubs on the other parts of wood on the desk.
But the width of the foot rest cushion and overall cushions are upsetting.
For the price, I was a little worried this table would be flimsy, light, thin particle board and cardboard.
Buyer beware !!
I personally love this piece for my kitchen.
Other than that it's a very nice chair for the money.
I have a floor lamp hence the need for a table.
Can't beat the price.Great value for the money.
The style is nice but the quality feels less than it looks.
To even think about it, I even had issues with this company before to where they didnt send it on time and stated that they just package it and its up to the amazon worker to come get it.
The back isempty with no cushion, and I felt the metal frame dig into my back.
They are exactly what they are  advertised!
Normally you have to hit it with the handle of a screwdriver, because you can't be bothered to get a hammer.
Ordered this table, used as counter for about 1/3 the cost.
It is adjustable and comfortable plus the size is perfect.
Everything was easy as pie to put together as well.
You should have the mattress on the bed when you take it out of the plastic.
Made it the same day.
You won't regret it.
I bought this sofa for for my son who lives in a small apartment.
Plus it was simple and quick to put together unlike a couch I had bought recently that took well over an hour to assemble.
I was so excited to receive this item...UNTIL I took it out of the box.
I am very disappointed of the table leg stand, it is very fragile and one of the leg stand is broken when I opened it.
Table is looking really good but one of the chairs is not balancing.
And the pieces used to cover the nails kept popping out but altogether I’m satisfied with the product itself
Can't put negative stars, so had to put one.
The fabric on the back of it is fraying as well.
Very very nice looking, moderately comfortable, easy to install and move around, durability and longevity will be found out.
It is extremely sturdy and I really like the fact that it folds up too, although I plan to keep it set up as I use it daily.
It's a beautiful table and sturdy.
Item as described, make sure to FOLLOW the instructions to not misplace the legs.
(Of course small pieces like screws and nails were't individually marked, but they were all packaged in baggies with the part number clearly marked on the baggie.)
The table was not toned to put together but the chairs are ridiculous.
It’s beautiful.
Product as described, looks nice and went together in 30 seconds.
Easy to assemble.
But is fine for toddler's room---holds little CD player, and he can sit at it and color at it if he wants.
Mesh looks clean and modern.
I expect this holder to last for years and given I bought a 5 pack-I am sure the holders will last me until I am 100
It arrived timely, was easy to open, and my guests loved it.
Yet, there's still the risk associated with getting something as nebulous as a couch - what if it doesn't feel great?
The smaller person did not roll to the heavier when both were on the sofa bed.
Decent chair, nothing special, too much plastic, which after not even one year failed as one of the legs near the wheel broke off.
It was honestly the easiest thing I have ever put together.
My husband's only complaint is that the armrest might get dirty quickly during this hot summer - due to sweaty arms.
If you like to sit criss cross like I do, it also wont work, even if you're thin.
so I ordered another one same brand but you can tell that the manufacturer of the second table is not the manufacturer of the first table.
Very easy to assemble, looks just like the picture.
Its roomy and just right for my space.
We ordered two of these chairs in April 2015.
They were quick to answer that they received my inquiry and would get back to me in 28-48 hours..... well i'ts been over 28 WEEKS... Don't count on the maker if anything is wrong.
Not disappointed at all.
Loved this bed.
That's disappointing but will do for now.
Lots of older desks are just too low to the ground.
Bought this to replace my old office chair, its definitely an upgrade, It was easy to set up and  I am happy with the product.
Inexpensive and pretty good quality.
Chair broke a month and a half after delivery.
Table was chip and broken when came
and its great over all; however my desk did come with a 2cm break in the surface in the bottom right prob due to ups tossing the thin like package around, but its not enough so i give this desk a 5/5!
Pros: This chair is a massive improvement for me.
(try and get up at least every half hour though).
Item was easy to assemble.
I love the sofa and the love seat.
I would like to return the product but can’t ship it, especially with the pandemic.
We got the couch several days earlier than expected which was really nice!
Ordered 10/24, received 10/28  Easy for this 71 yr young woman to put together!
I'm 6' 1" and my head sticks over the top of the chair.
Smooth rolling.
Best chair for the money.
So far, I'm very satisfied with this chair and the upstanding costumer service I received from the seller
Will easily handle , I would think, any reasonable and normal desk setup, multiple computers and monitors etc....and son on.
When I unpacked the item and began assembling it, I could tell some of the hardware might have already been used or tested before.
But I am happy with it.
I got this desk for my son to study.
Looks good.
Exactly what I was looking for.
this sectional is very uncomfortable and too small, even for my 120 pound petite self.
Secondly, I don't know if I recieved a defective model (or if I assembled it incorrectly), but the chair I got leans slightly to the left.
I drove myself batty reading reviews and looking at specs for that quality chair at the right price that would be a comfortable fit my tall teenager.
the wood grain on the chairs is lighter than I expected but it fits perfectly in my Hollywood apt and looks super modern (in silver edition)
Putting this desk together takes 2 people, time and patience.
I'm happy for the price but frustrated that the weld broke so easily in the back.
This AmazonBasics chair however, was way sturdier I could tell, right out of the box it was higher quality.
Packaging is ok. One of the corners was chipped by 3mm.
It's a perfect fit for the room I placed it in.
Easy to put together, very sturdy and doesn't look or feel cheap .
Love the desk for my new home office.
I swapped this out for an older, more supportive chair and moved this to the other side of my desk for guests.
For $20 something, the "table" looks nice, but as it is a screw on leg piece, it wobbles.
Very sturdy and easy to put together.
But still really cute and practical!
Everything else is provided.
my only suggestion would be to put the pictures of the outline of all tools that are required and parts that come with the desk as page 1.
I also need space to take notes and keep some desk supplies.
I needed a sofa that did not take up much space since it's a small apt but wanted to be comfortable enough to sit and read or watch tv.
They we're still 2 for $18.
At the front edge where my arm rests I can feel the lip of the surface covering cutting into my arm, almost seems as if the blades that cut these need serious maintenance.
Small, and the room size that all of the items are shown in must be tiny which confused me.
I rarely write reviews, but I am so happy with this.
No wobble easy and quick to adjust.
So disregard comments about that.
So I was thrilled to finally find a simple wood top with gold legs here on Amazon.
Color hasn’t faded, and the pullout couch is great for guests.
I took a picture of it.
Perfect for my bedroom since we have very little wall space with our new king sized bed.
Very nice chair for the money
I LOVE THIS THIS!
Comes with 2 pillows as shown, one for the lumbar and one for your head.
To be honest it was one of my fears haha.
Very easy to put together, takes less than 5 minutes.
I can push down with my thumb and feel the bottom without much effort.
I love this table.
Assembled in five minutes tops.
Very nice chair.
Easy to put together but hated the packaging.
This is exactly what my room was missing.
It comes with everything needed to put this together and directions were easy to follow.
I feel as if I am going to slide out of it.
The two downsides would be the small-ish surface area and lack of shelves, but those were already made clear in the description of the product and I knew what I was getting so that would be on me.
I bought this chair because I needed a replacement for the previous chair I had.
But i do recommend to stay within the weight limit.
the highest setting on the seat is about 24 inches high.
For some reason though, I can’t get the back to stay up without propping it against the wall.
It easily holds two computer monitors and keyboard with room to spare.
this can also be dangerous if you are using them to help yourself get out of the chair.
I think I will get a few years of use out of it.
It will arrive nicely packaged with the parts all conveniently sorted making it very simple to assemble.
Is there any warranty that cover this?
They will fill the need and they do look cool if you don't look too close.
There was even room for a small filing cabinet underneath in the corner and my ergonomic rolling office chair fits underneath it (arm rests and all) without the desk top being too tall.
Great price for the product...
I was comfortable for 6 months but then the foam just stayed flat on the seat and arm rest.
This doesn't take up too much room.
Ordered the smaller size and it was plenty big enough for my needs.
The customer service so far has been really good.
FORGET ABOUT IT.
It looks very nice and is surprisingly real wood.
Two out of three were in decent condition.
The desk looks absolutely amazing and is study.
A few things you need to know before you buy.
All in all, so far we love this bed and I cannot imagine the love affair will stop anytime soon!
It is perfect for my small kitchen.Good quality and easy to assemble.
I love this chair, it has a great price for the quality you get.
Table top veneer also had a very tiny chip which is to be expected, surprised it wasn't more banged up given how smashed up the packaging box was.
It came nicely packed with an easy to follow instructions that even this impatient reader could follow.
This item is clearly used and broken!!!!
Packed well, great rachet tool got screws easily tightened.
All the cushion covers can be removed and washed and the fact that you can customize it to your preference is also a plus.
Dark color, simple design, easy to put together and fit just perfectly!
Looks absolutely beautiful.
Mine was mostly OK, except for one of the corners of the main table which was definitely damaged in shipping or something.
Casters roll well and the seat and back are nicely padded and very comfortable.
So far it's not bad.
I was very skeptical about the desk after seeing a lot of recent reviews that said the desk came in horrible condition.
Only issue was they said you wouldn't need any tools but then called for a screwdriver and a hammer.
Very comfortable for the price.
delivered quickly, was extremely easy to assemble, literally assembled in 3 minutes.
I was worried this desk would be too small but it worked out just right.
For the price paid I am very happy with them!
Its very nice but a bit woobly.
Packaged well and easy to put together.
Easy to put together and sturdy.
Worst amazon experience!
I suspect this will warp very quickly with a stack of magazines or books resting on it.
I thought this was a good buy based on other high reviews, but I was wrong.
If you're using it as a work chair, it could definitely become uncomfortable after an 8 or 9 hour day.
It's really a statement piece in my living room and looks very expensive.
The seat seems to be inclined going down.
BUT you can't even see it because it is tacked on the bottom of the sofa.
It was not a safety issue and no one will ever notice the crack so I didn't bother to exchange for another chair.
PROS: Assembly - It couldn't be easier.
I would recommend this chair.
Definitely not safe if you have small children.
Cheaply built!
Easy to follow instructions.
The directions were easy to follow and the chair has really good back support.
It’s not going to fall apart but I wish I would have spend a little more and bought a better chair.
They are so simple and easy to set up, and the removable top is a game changer!
Set up was very easy.
We bought this for my son for his room.
All in all I'm happy with the purchase.
Like the white with black pin striping.
The wood panels feel solid and do not flex; they're not overly light, nor overly heavy.
The actual seat cushion is very firm, making me doubt that they are “down - filled” as stated in the product description.
The corner plastic was broken all to pieces
No stripping, no problems at all.
Perfect for my work from home two days a week .
We bought this for our granddaughter, and our daughter assembled it.
The desk is just what I needed.
So easy to assemble I did it myself in 20 minutes and that includes unpacking the box and clean up!
Using for craft projects and computer.
The bottom cushion is wide and very comfortable, and both the mesh back and the wheels feel surprisingly sturdy.
You're better off taking the money and buying something used from craigslist.
Well worth it!
The motor is awesome and I move from sitting to standing several times a day.
My only complaint is I wish Zinus would sell matching chairs, but 5/5 table
I bought a matching coffee table from the same company (Songmics) and they were great about customer service.
Very happy with this purchase!
the fact that the wheels were included was a definite value add - Comfortable: from a support perspective, this chair works well.
And it’s not ergonomic at all, it makes my neck protrude forward.
If you’re on the fence about this company, don’t be they have great customer service and will help you in any way they can.
Upon opening, I was further impressed with the design and overall quality of the sofa.
When I opened it from the tightly rolled plastic, it was moldy.
My stools were falling apart a month later.
Putting the chair together was a breeze.
The cushion was great for about 1 week and now I have to sit on a pillow.
I honestly don't see how this has good reviews and that's the reason I bought it for a gaming room.
It's perfect for what I need
You get what you pay for.
If I could return it I would!!
This workbench is very nice.
It just keeps spinning.
Great desk for students who are distance learning.
The set actually looks a lot nicer in person.
We purchased this for my son and he loves it!
To my utter disappointment, the new version is cheaper, smaller - unusable at my wife's desk - and less comfortable.
Maybe if I got sliders for the feet...?
It seems well built, nothing wobbles excessively.
The design and look is very minimalist but doesn't look cheap.
If you need a couch ASAP and are in a budget... get this couch.
Would recommend.
Only had it for two months.
Just the right size and shape for my living room.
Great for the price
